Love it! So awesome. Read my morning meditation anytime I want. Great app im glad i purchased upgraded so no commercials or advertisements. Just replaced one add with another, albeit AA related. Couldn't get sobriety date to show. Dislike notifications not being dismissable. Refunded until fixed. Don't bother upgrading. There is zero difference between free and paid. I still get ads every time I open to the meditation passage. It says you can do things like track sobriety date-doesn't. There is no "contact us" info. But they seemed to gladly take my money. Every time I go to share the reading it pops up with no reading. Can you please make it so we can copy and paste it. Good, simple app This is a great app has too many commercials but for someone like me it just teaches me strength. Absolutely great app recommend to everyone in AA Paid for the "Pro" and it still doesn't display sobriety time. Doean't even ask for my sobriety date anywhere. But the daily reflections part of the app is fine. App works as intended. Sobriety date set and sticks, transparency no issues, reminders no issues. Pro version in tow to support app development. Thanks for this! Thank you I was able to get the pro. Daily reflection is my most favorite mediation book. I have Loved the Daily Reflection for over 20yrs, this app is ok, but it DOESN'T allow me to enter my date. All works great for me on my tablet. Had to figure out how to input my sobriety date, otherwise flawless so far! Got the Pro edition hoping it would be an improvement of the free app. It wasn't. If you start reading the intro paragraph in the notification and click on it to continue reading, you're brought to something completely different. The sobriety date doesn't show, nor was there an option that I could find to set my sobriety date. Notifications were inconsistent- I would get 4 one day and nothing for 4 days. REALLY love the simplicity of this app, IF it worked. I refunded. Fantastic positive daily excerpts from the books that keep us from our addiction one day at a time. I love this app, but my sobriety date and time are cut off, so i cant see them. 😣 i have paid for the pro version, i hoped it would solve this problem, but it hasnt. I have tried adjustin the font sizes to no avail. Excellent for the recovering addict to b reminded. Purchased to support development. extremely handy to have all my morning readings on my phone awesome? perfect The daily notification displays the WRONG daily reflection. The sobriety date text is cut off so you only see the top half of each character. This seems like it should be an easy fix. PLEASE FIX IT AND PUSH OT AN UPDATE. calculate number of days of sobriety I cannot ge us to do this When I select past dates it displays the wrong date. example: I select February 10th on the calendar to view past readings and it displays different dates throughout February each time. Annoying. It would be cool if you'd deliver a less buggy version for people that pay for the app. thanks. I use this app everyday. I love ebooks rather than paper ones. I paid the money to get rid of that annoying ad. i was happy for a minute. From my perspective, this is a very simple app. And since i have now paid money for it, it would be great to see certain things. It would be awesome if the share feature worked everytime. Another feature that would greatly improve this app would be thw ability to get definitions for words when I highlight them. Which brings me to my last suggestion, highlightin Won't show my sober time; even after checking and unchecking it in the  settings. Also uninstalled and reinstalled to see if that might help. Still  no display of sobriety time.... Enjoy having the reflections on my phone, and the design is simple and  beautiful. However, the inability to dismiss reminder from the notification  bar is annoying--I disabled the notification reminder. Though I can see how  some mind find this beneficial, as it could be used as a mental reminder to  focus throughout the day on whatever the topic may be. Maybe adding another  dismissal option would be helpful. The "sobriety time" text is not  displaying correctly; each line of text has the bottom half cut off (wasn't  always like this, please fix). DO NOT BUY THIS APP! THE DEVELOPER DOES NOT ANSWER EMAILS YOU CANNOT ENTER  YOUR SOBRIETY DATE IN IT FOR THE SOBRIETY COUNTER AND YOU STILL GET ADS IF  YOU UNINSTALL THE FREE VERSION! IT'S A RIP-OFF AND IT'S RIDICULOUS. BUY THE  HARD COPY FROM YOUR GROUP AND DON'T RIP OFF GSO! Doesn't display sobriety date even when checked in settings. Is this being  fixed? Hello? I'm enjoying the app so far. I'm just having an issue where on the sobriety date screen it shows only half the date and number of days. It's cut off horizontally. Beautifully design Great presentation. I love this app. It's a 5 star pro. What gives? Simple app that works great! Not sure why so many bad reviews. App displays sobriety time and daily reading just fine on my Galaxy S4. Also tried sharing a reading via text and it worked fine. I love reading the daily reflection in my car each morning before work. This is a simple app and no ads with the pro version is worth it. Do not like that the notification remains after you have read today's reading and the sharing of the daily reading does not work... Paid pro version installed on a Samsung galaxy s8 that is less than a week old. Just a great app that allows me to have my daily readings with me at all times. Don't have to carry my book with me. How do I cancel the subscription? 1.  Hyphenation is messed up.  2. Doesn't let me post a particular reading to Facebook.  Has the option to do such, but only post my comment, not the reading itself.  3.  May 15 reading is incomplete. Good app could use a larger font setting this pro version is busted. fix it. Can't share daily readings, sobriety time doesn't show. Waste of money. Going to uninstall. notification stopped working lately. great except for that glitch... Notifications do not work. Free version works better, no reply from support This is helpful every day! used to work ok maybe an update mess it up just reverse I'm using pro.and the free same issue please FIX IT. ASAP I can't figure out how to enter my sobriety date, and after I read the reading it continues to show reminders to read. None of the notifications work and it doesn't give me any place to enter my birthday, so it keeps telling me I have 24 hours sober I use this everyday. I liked that it reminded me how many days clean I have. It stopped working a month or so ago.  Please fix or tell me what I have to do to fix it. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled to no avail. Notifications now work I paid for the Pro edition in order to get daily notifications.  They're turned on but do not work on my Samsung Galaxy s7. It does tell me how many sober days I have when opened,  but I already know that. UPDATE -  Now it has stopped showing my sober days, too, so no different than the free app. Get them all! They really are exceptional.  I have as many of them as I can find and have an entire page just for A.A. Mobile,  Ltd. I purchased this version to uograde from free app recently. All was well until today when app just quit working. Uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail. Whats up? I also upgraded to pro.  I also cannot get the app to load.  When I tap the blue icon, my screen acts as if it is loading the app, but it doesn't take the next step and finish the load.  It just goes back to the home screen.  It is disappointing but does not hinder my recovery.  Developer, please make amends to those of us who have purchased your app.  Thank you. Upgraded but won't even open. I get the "unfortunately stopped working ". And yes I'm using the blue icon I upgraded to Pro. Took my money yet I still get ads. About to Uninstall. Great app and worth paying for the premium version. Does everything it claims and has improved my home wifi networks no end. Well developed app to get a clear understanding of the wifi population around you, and how they interact. Helped me find a clear chennel in an RV park. Made all the difference. Very good graphics. Easy to follow. I like this app fix lag my wifi Excellent tool Liked it enough to buy pro version Hey guys. Always loved the app! Always 5 stars! There is one issue I've had since having the app though with my Pixel 4. On the Channel Graph tab I can never see the actual channel axis. I can only see the top tip of each channel number and cannot make out the numbers themselves. The Pixel Home Bar is overlapping all of the numbers. This happens on both portrait and landscape modes. Is there a setting I modified that may be causing this? Hope this input helps in improving the interface. Cheers! Very easy to use. shows all the channels available. Poor app Amazingly helpful! It let me know all the different/available channels and what my neighbors' channels are so I can avoid them. In return, I get the most optimal channel with 0% interference and it pushes my internet by over 100mb/s. It only costs a few bucks for the app. Worth it! Neat app Excellent app for my WiFi mesh installs Great for setting up wifi! Pretty handy app! Got to use the finder today. And it got me within one tile of the access point I was looking for. The app causes the phone to buzz faster and more intensely the closer you get to the access point. Very impressive Okelah..... Don't waste your money! I expected more for $4. This app has nothing that you can't get on dozens of free apps. In fact, most free apps offer more functionality. Awesome Great app for finding out what channels are busy and signal strength. Use it to troubleshoot customer wifi, daily. No value over free alternatives! I expect more from a $4 app! For one the color scheme of history line graph uses the same color for 30% of SSIDs causing loss of clarity. Second the X axis is cut off making channel identification impossible. Third the screen refresh should be controllable for proper analysis leaving the option to auto refresh available. Fourth it's $4... for a nearly single purpose... with a low replay value and tons of free alts! WiFi diagnostics displays channel 140 as channel 36. Does make me question the accuracy of the results... Seems to work good Great app. Easy to use. Great wifi spectrum analyzer. Get it, forget it until needed. Even tells you what wifi channels are best per network! Super Does an excellent job of telling me strength of signal so went to premium just to have the diagnostics capability and have since then gotten even better results with just changing channels as recommended. I know I could check from connected ap tab but much better to be able to see all of the info that diagnostics gives me Awesome analyzer and interference detector. Puts creep ass scum on the spot and they run when they realize they've been detected. Very nice👍 The channel graph can not see the channels number in Huawei MediaPad T5. It's not a bad app, but it really irritates me when I pay for Premium, and it still has advertising. Everything is such a rip anymore. These tech people are the wealthiest in the world, and still, they screw you for every penny, knowing you are powerless to do anything. I have been using this app fir many years. It helps to troubleshoot wifi issues and determine range and eliminate weak spots. Good application It's not so accurate : for example, it will advise me that channel 9 and 10 are rated excellent. So I change to either channel, when I so this it says that the channel I was using before is better ! Seems fake to me. 🍖🥧🥧 As a IT guy this a really quick and easy tool to quickly evaluate potential problems. Used the free version for years and decided to buy it. Love it. Use it a BUNCH. Really solid work from the developers. My hat is off to you. EXCEPTIONAL APP! The best ever. The best WiFi Analyzer on playstore. Highly recommended. Great app. Gives you great look at you wifi Great tool Should be great for tracking problems Works really well finding signal strength & connection speed through the house. I still haven't figured out what to with the Wi-Fi dropping on my cameras? I have installed a mesh system in hopes to would solve my issue. Then find out from the camera manufacturers that the mesh network is not a stable network so I have to disconnect the cameras from accessing the mesh system! Right back were I started, the mesh has help with all other devices on the network. They are rarely an issue. Out of space Excellent app to show available wifi, channel, type and strength. Technician from local cable saw it and said it was better than what they were using. Nice application to see information about wifi network. And choose your own free channel . Works good Good info Great little tools built in. Great app. Thanks to LinusTechTips from YouTube for recommending this. Fixed all my problems Good but not great. It appears to have issues detecting access points on my mesh. Sometimes it does, other times it does not. Other apps of a similar type seem to detect the mesh just fine. The channel recommendations are not contextual. It recommends a channel for 2.4Ghz. When you switch it then recommends alternate channels because it does not realise your access points are using that channel. Very helpful in identifying and getting technical information about nearby wifi networks and settings. Takes some learning to interpret. Good Novice user found it easy to use and informative Like it a lot. Gives good information on WiFi. Exactly what I was looking for. Well worth the few dollars it cost ! Does what I needed to determine Wifi operation parameters I used to love this app but something must have gone wrong in some recent update. Now it freezes on values and there's nothing I can do to make it resume scanning. Uninstalled and reinstalled but that didn't help. Great app other than that new problem. Great network analyzer. Perfect for my needs. Exceptional App So useful for troubleshooting wifi issues. I thought the basic version was cool. The premium version is pro quality and just works without distraction of ads. Been using the app for years, finally decided to buy it. It does what it promises and works without fuss. Nice Great Apps 👍 Used paid app easy display and does a good job The bottom of the screen is clipped on my One Plus 7 Pro. Can't read the x-axis of the plots. Excellent app. Works reliably. Lots of useful options for optimizing a network. Very good wifi analysis. Can you add feature how many units is connected to a wifi? Is there support of Wifi6? Fixed my WiFi. Diagnostics gave me the info I needed to increase my speed. Turns out the neighbors WiFi causes interference; the app told me to change the channel of the WiFi and it turned a 36 hour download into a 9 hour download. Go directly for Premium, you wouldnt regret! So far ,so good. Might have bee n free ,this is paid for! Good replacement for the old WiFi Analyzer Works great! Takes up much less space anf works great# Frequency overlaps well defined with optimum channel selections provided. Excellent app to fine tune your wifi. Does a great job of providing info. Worth it Helps me get best wifi in every room! Works great Incredibly useful Works as well as I thought it would. Definitely worth the $2. Awesome Our router under performs which makes wifi spotty at best. Wifi Analyzer is priceless in moving equipment to the most opportune location for best reception. This App has been very helpful adjusting my network to perform better. Worth the Premium (during Cyber Monday!) 5/5 My go to for quickly checking over an area for cross channels and tuning. Nagged for a review. App doesn't understand mesh at all. Refunded. Great app! Out of 3 different ones this turns out to be the best one after a year of use: most precise, most intuitive and easy to understand the displayed information. Super straightforward design, this is a tool I use constantly to check which is the best channel for my router, since there are a lot of wireless networks near my house, and the wrong channel could mean a speed reduction of 3/4. This app is a lifesaver! Works great Good WiFi network analysis tool with good instructions. Very useful, can't work without it. I would give it 5 stars if I could get faster refreshes of signal strength. Apart from that minor limitation it is an excellent and reliable app. Helpful signal info Accurate, reliable. Performance is much better than expected. I've used the free version for donkey's years. Plumped for the paid version and am very happy that I did! The stethoscope / diagnostic tool identified interference on both 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz bands and recommended channels to switch to. Having done so, WiFi is now fast throughout the house. Love it! This app is the best. You must have. Great app..allowd one to orient position of devices for best signal strength! Works well. If you buy the premium version make sure that you delete the free one, otherwise you will have both and might open the one with the ads. Works Spot on! The app as a whole does exactly what I need it to do for my job. I will say that at first it can be very confusing to figure out what is what. Does exactly what they say it will do Fantastic Excellent product. Very pleased with it. Does as listed. Does what it says! Shows wifi interference and recommends channels to resolve it. Helped fix my randomly dripping wifi signal. Meh, wifi man is free and I like it better. I like this app. It's very interesting. Pretty usefull tool, especially the channel graph which let me fix connectivity issues & work around my router's bugs. Slow to refresh and distance is not consistently accurate. Handy app! Good app Awesome app so far Awesome. Does what it says, and does it well. Works Great!!! Very helpful for tracking down wifi problems and congested channels Tool is informative and easy to use. The best at what it does. Works very well! 👍 It's fast and easy to use Works very well Does what it claims to do and does it well. I paid for premium & got no increase in quality or service. App cannot deal with 5G. Makes interesting graphs. Works great, thank you. Excellent and informative Fantastic app. Very reliable and useful. I use it all the time at work for site surveys and troubleshooting. It's been a valuable tool. Pretty good tool, has helped me sort out my multi-access point LAN. Suggestion re Settings (Beta): When filtering access points, please save the selections instead of having to go through the selection every time we switch band from 2.4 to 5Ghz. Very useful. It's allowed me to determine that my neighbors are actively running APs that are overpowered and channel hoping to block my driveway Love it It's why I went pro Even after purchasing the premium version. The more I select the best channel, the worst it gets. I need help on how to fix this especially I paid the app for that purpose. Im still giving a 5 star coz I know youll teach me how to fix this. Works better than my netgear pos app Just had it a few days... works nice, well thought out. I also like the fact that I can buy it and not be forced into ad viewing. Purchase installs a separate premium version! Take care to start the new to one, not the old! You can uninstall the free app version. It's a good app. Premium gets rid of Ads and gives some nice diagnostics. Intuitive, easy to use! Love it! Useful to see wifi signals 👌🏼 Works well, finds distance, signal strength, provides analysis, compares to other wifi signals in area. Useful for finding weak areas and other wifi problems. Premium version is worth getting. It is a solid wifi analyzer app, especially when wifi scan throttling it's off in your phone, it give you a real-time scan of all networks nearby and channels.. Very clear and user-friendly app. Good features Great app 👌👍😁 The channel recommendation doesn't work. I see no advantage to this over the free version. While I am not an expert in wireless connectivity (WiFi) this app definitely helped me out in terms of placement of some of my devices. Πολύ χρήσιμη εφαρμογή. Good little app Essential, I keep an Android phone around even just for it!! I have used this app for about two years and found multiple uses for the info it provides. Be sure to pay attention to the sampling times so you get the most accurate results. Great app. Helps me pick channels less crowded for best performance. Purchased version Great app. Helps show busy and not so busy channels. Does what it says it will do. Excellent app. Excellent utility app showing WiFi points in graphical form The tutorial was is essential. After getting a grasp on how best to use the app it's a powerful tool. The layout of info is brilliant. I can quickly optimize my wifi. Over time it became intuitive. Functional Excellent program and easy to use. What a joke this app is... right? Every time I adjust the channel using the 'Stethoscope" function this app tells me it's a "red 1 star" (meaning bad) channel even though it previously recommended the same channel as a "green 10 star" Despite numerous attempts at different channels, still the same result. Don't waste your money like I did and just use a free version of another app. Too late for me to get my money back, so c'est la vie! Very useful app! Intuitive. Accurate. And functional. Wonderful Mostly works on HP X2 chromebook. Access points & Ana lyzer functions do not. Many similar apps don't work at all. Great wifi scanner, use it for work related stuff all the time. Give good info on wifi strength and analysis. Very useful, improved my home network with optimal channel selection. Amazing!! Works great. Great for checking wifi, aps. Good tool. Superb app Love Plain simple Simple, neat, practical. Thanks Does exactly what it says. Nice and simple. Seems quite reliable Extremely accurate, useful, and easy to use. I highly recommend this app. Does all the basics in an easy to use format. This time I am giving it a 1 star rating because it keeps forgetting that I have purchased the Premium version. For some reason it it keeps showing me ads untill I re-launch the app from the play store. It starts showing ads if you close the app and launch it another time. It keepa asking to be purchased again and again! What kind of stupidity is this? It is ok I frequently have to enter unknown environments and this is where I go first for assessment Perfect App! Very clear to understand and a must in a crowded area. Helps you understand what might be slowing your Wi-Fi down. Make sure you get into the habit of using it often as things change frequently! Great App, does exactly what I need Wow, what a brilliant app. I haven't used it much as yet but those bits I've tried are clearly shown & amazingly fast. A great deal of thought has gone into this apps' UI & functions. Worth every penny to opt for the premium version. Anyone running a mesh network system at home will wonder how they managed without this app which, in my case, very quickly showed my investment in mesh technology was well made. I heartily recommend it to anyone considering the premium version. Useful Very useful. Nice! Excellent app!!! I bought it from the free version. Worth it. Very useful tool to locate dead spots in and around the house! It works. My favourite wifi analyser Very helpful and easy to view the connected WiFi. Don't need to guess! Good app for wifi strength and quality Great fot those twitchy WiFi problems Awesome Was experiencing intermittent drop out on my home network. This app has helped me resolve the issue and I now have constant speed by changing channels...great Seems very good and clear to use Super handy. I use it to select an empty channel for my WiFi and for drone flying. Absolutely easy app that can help to analyse home WiFi. Great help. Thank you. About as detailed as an analysis gets when it comes to your WiFi connections.. I bought the premium version and it's worth it.. Ok meets my needs Fantastic app One of the best wifi analyzer apps available. 👍 I like this app but... I purchased Pro, it said I owned it already. No option to open, tried a few more times, always said I already own it. Look at my bank and I've been charged 6 X $4.99. How do I get all my money back? This is not cool at all. **Edit** It can happen because it did happen. In saying that, after 4 days of waiting Google refunded my money. Great App Helped me setup my extender. Use it frequently to check signal and interference. Love this app! Really easy to use. Really a great help when I want to get online the same time the rest of the neighborhood does. Informative. We finally found out what was drowning our home wifi signal Excellent tool for optimized wifi Amazing app Great tool. Has been a great tool to tune my wifi as well as troublshoot issues. Well worth the small fee. It makes it easier to find a channel to get hooked up on so you get the best signal possible and it's not that hard to figure out how to use this app and that a plus as far as I'm concerned and the reason I am send that I spend more time in this app is because I like watching if I can get a better signal from using it okay I don't know if that makes sense to you but it does to me just use the app and you will see what I'm talking about thanks for the great app I love this app i use it to check signal overlap when setting up multiple access points Helped me set up my network to be the fastest possible. I really appreciate the app. Enough to pay for premium. Terrific app, works a treat. helped me reset my wifi. works for me. nice. thank you. Great app, does what you would expect. Paid version is worth it great app!! AWSOME IMPORTANT. MUST READ BEFORE USING THIS APPLICATION. Android 9.0 and higher has a setting that will prevent this application from working. You need to enable developer options and disable Wi-Fi Scan Throttling or this app will not work. Look up how to enable developer options on your phone on Google then enable them and navigate to the following to make the app work properly: Settings > Developer Options > Networking > Wi-Fi Scan Throttling Does what it say! Very happy. I needed to find what channel was not overloaded as i live in the inner city. Quickly found a channel and changed it in my ISP WiFi Advanced Settings. Hopefully ill have less dropouts. Love having specs on nearby wifi and the ability to find empty channels. Use it all the time to check signal strength and what channel is best to use Excelente This app is wonderful! Works great. It's got unfortunate name. On my phone app name is displayed as WiFi Anal... Nice, simple app that gives you good info on signal strength. Does not work want my money back Useful. Great app. Use it all the time with my digital mixing counsel. Goooood Very useful app GREAT! Works like expected. Very happy. Super awesome Good amp work as described Awesome!! Good app. Useful for knowing how WiFi is distributed and make decisions based on that Very slow update. Poor user interface. Great apo Wireless technology is more ubiquitous than every these days and frequencyv interference is becoming a huge headache for IT techs! This app takes some of that headache away by quickly and accurately revealing which frequencies are most congested. Love it and use it weekly! The free version is solid but I used it so much I figured I'd pay the couple bucks to the company that made such a useful tool - they've earned it! Works great, use it a lot. Time Graph doesn't continue across screen Good software with network filter which helps a lot :) Helpful Use it frequently Does the job Great app! A great app for checking WIFI connection, strength and speed. I work in IT and this app is invaluable for setting up a new or debugging an old WiFi installation. Extremely useful when trying to understand the local wifi situation. Works great! Great app! Now we can maximize our mesh network performance. Accurate and easy to use. Works well and accurate too Simple, clear, & easy to read. Great app. 5 stars if the damn thing didnt ask me to rate it every time I opened it. A quick and sure way to setup a WiFi router and get maximum performance from it Very helpful Love this App. Shows all WiFi networks in area, helping you to choose channels when setting up you network mitigating interference. Great app. Doesn't handle mesh networks. Channel ratings are useless with mesh. Love this app. Gives good info to let me know my wifi performance. Permits accurate field strength analysis throughout WIFI targeted coverage area Very nice interface panel, keep testing. Great for Moto g7 Power Works well Super usefull. Works great. The best wifi analyzer I've ever used. Worth every penny. Does what it's suppose to do , pro version has no nags Best app I have found as a weekend warrior helping my friends and family optimize their purchases and wifi placement. This is a must if you are using WiFi. It helps you place your device at the best place , so that you get best coverage. No more guessing games you know exactly what you are getting where and where you need to boost your signal. Channel saturation is not a mystery anymore. 😀 Great app, highly recommended. 👍 Does what it does I've used WiFi analyzer for ages. It just works, all WiFi info I need. Super happy with the views and accuracy of information 💯😍 Love it! Great utility! This rating comes after my previous one. In the previous one I stated that I'm still getting adds after buying the premium one, OK where the problum was, is buying the premium one through the free one doesn't upgrade the free one, but instade it downloads a new program, so U have to uninstall the free one. Now it is great application. Keep on great app Abdulrihman. 👌 Awesome app, some enterprise features should be added for instant collaboration while onsite testing. Thanks for the flash sale! Seems to work well for both Wi-Fi networks in my house. Works fine Ok After almost one year of free use, I've decided to buy this app, the best of the best, thank you Excellent app. Helped pinpoint a recurring problem. Recommend highly. Easy to interpret, great to have around when having signal problems... I found myself using this app more often than I thought I would, so I payed for premium. Nice Easy to use and very helpful when I had to set up my new wireless router Great for sorting out channel interference. Been using this for years. Glad to get the premium on sale. Fantastic app. Great tool to analyse local WiFi and help optimise yours I've been happily using the free version for a while, and finally decided to chip in the well-deserved $ to support. Upgrade to paid was easy (install new/paid & uninstall old/free - standalone). Cool app, worth your while if you live in a residential area This app is a joke, right? Every time I adjust my wifi channel using the 'Stethoscope" function this app tells me it's a "red 1 star" (meaning bad) channel even though it previously recommended the same channel as a "green 10 star"??? . uninstalled ...returned for refund! While I'd like a little more info on some features (new vs connected AP ratings for instance), this is a great app that does exactly what it says it does. I forked out for premium while it was on sale. Worth it. Got the recommendation based on my network to go from 30% interference to 0%. If you have WiFi and neighbors, get this. I paid for premium, claims it has no ads. But it does have ads. Best wifi tool available. Works well Working as expected. Nothing more to say. Clear recommendation. Upgraded to Premium version after using free version for a year. Only minor problem: On Samsung Galaxy Tab A 2019 the onscreen home button row covers the bottom half of the channel numbers on the display shown in the Cgannel Graph view. Doesn't support 5Ghz Wifi diagnostic. Works reasonably well, use it often. Really useful Bought this app to support the developer. It is a great tool to analyze the network around and make wise channel choices. Does the job! Used to check the WiFi range for both home and business Must have for setting up a wifi at home or looking for it during travel. Yep, this is the one you want! Excellent! This app provides lots of useful info to manage your wifi. Simple, easy to use and very effective. I bought the premium app. Works very well. Great app. Helps a lot. Excellent! Does what it does and does it well! great for discovering coverage zones as well as anything causing interference Works like a charm. Great app. Well worth the price. So far it's been a great app. The channel stars are a bit confusing because they change when you select the recommended ones but everything else is great. Highly recommended Very useful and easy to navigate. Dead on info! One of the best... This is a great tool to help maintain any home network...good job!!! Completely happy with what I use it for 👌🏻👍🏻Great app Had the free app just upgraded. Luv this helps keep those pesky neighbours from hoggin my internet speed Very useful for a site survey. Troubleshot several commercial sites with this app. Well done. Great diagnostic info in a simple intuitive UI Premium allows diagnostics and channel switch. Perfect and simple I get much more than I bargain for This is by far the BEST wifi anaylizer I've used. I plan on using it as a work tool with my customers when I get tech calls to their house. Works like a champ. Found 2.4 issues, changed channels per advice and bam no issues with wireless Easy to use and quite helpful. App works well but having now paid for Pro version I've found I have to pay again to have it on a second device. Paying twice sucks. Graphs and diagrams are agreat enhancement in comprehending the details of network operation and its interaction with others. This provides more tools to help understand and determine what to do about quality of current operation, provides more than what service techs tell you when they come to troubleshoot. Excellent app. Paid version is totally worth it. You get clean interface and additional features. Works great, very useful Faster and clearer. I give it 5 stars. Very easy 👍 and useful... This is very useful. It's definitely worth to purchase the premium version. Great Works great, dependable, use it all the time. Help friends find better locations for there equipment and channels to use. So far so good!!! Very good app! So helpful! 👍👍 Awesome! Love it! Excellent for setting up and maintaining a mash network. The aporox. distance to the routers makes it easy to locate. This app just works. Outstanding tool for setting up and maintaining your home WiFi network The app is informative. I will update my review after attempting to improve my home network. Best analyzer out here. Please support this project. And thank you Dev for your work. Pretty good. Works as it should. Great! It's a good app. Stop asking me to review it. I really enjoy this app! I needed an app to keep my network optimized 😉 Very good app. Best wifi improving app Ive ever used. better information as it can see hidden SSID. Great app! Wifi is so much better. Thanks Great app . Alot of useful information. Worth buying pro version Great app to monitor WiFi connection. Change router channel, to get more good and fast WiFi connection, inspired by BBC News Indonesia 'CLICK' at KompasTV every Sunday 11.30 AM Great app Excellent app to learn and optimise the WiFi networks! Excellent. Great. Used this app to check quality of signal as I added tp link WiFi extenders around my house. You could see the original and extension networks seperated even though they had the same SSID. Very useful thanks! Excellent app user friendly Indispensable tool for optimising Wi-Fi especially for avoiding interference Great app. I am a newbie. I bought this app a long time ago. My router's (JioFi) speed was very low. I was just exploring this app. I clicked on the stethoscope icon. It informed to to change the channel. I searched (Google) how to do it and then thereafter it was working great. There should be a simple tutorial (animation or video. The user guide is hidden and decent, not great) with the app. Good App. Great job The free version works better. This one doesn't refresh. Great app to tune router for right wifi channels Perfect for fine tuning your router Great app for those that need specific info about their network Great Really useful application with full instructions. Easy to use and ideal for finding WiFi dropouts Really useful app for finding less cluttered channels on WiFi networks Can't select top AP to connect This app helps you avoid congestion in the Wi-Fi frequencies Good analytical tool that is so simple to use. Checks local wifi channels and strengths so I can make an informed choice for a new setup. Brilliant! Great Very happy with premium app. Nice App Thank You Super useful, great insight on my network. Discovered some issues I was unaware I had. Helped me optimize my network Very helpful in determining what setting radio power should be on. Had the free version, very pleased it was so functional and easy. Bought the paid app which does a bit more. The free app would be worth paying for so anything more is a bonus. Really good app For the price it's really annoying to ask for a review when I open the app otherwise works... EDIT fixed it seems Easy to use So far so good Very handy Excellent Tool. Easy to use. The best Gives excellent information on nearby wireless AP's! 👍 Great app! Bought it. Period. Pretty good, I'll rate it again in a few weeks. I think thats a fair rating. Sangat membantu saya sebagai salah satu pengelola jaringan rt/rw net di perumahan saya Best One! Does what it says excellently. Worth supporting with a couple of euros! Excellent job of finding 2.5GHz & 5GHz connections and their power levels. Ok Perfect! Simple to use and quickly established problem channels. Clear and easy to use. Awesome troubleshooting tool for the home user I love this app! What more is there to say? :) Seems gr8! Really helpful. This is a great tool! I use it as a end-user to find the strongest WiFi network in public spaces where I have multiple options. I use it as an IT professional for trouble-shooting WiFi coverage issues and for planning hardware distribution and channel configuration when installing a wireless network. The graphs are easy to read, which not only makes it easy to use myself, but also makes it easy to take a screenshot that I can send to someone to illustrate something. This app is honestly one of the reasons I use my personal Android at work more than I use my work-provided other-platform phone which cannot run WiFi Analyzer. WiFi issues or just curious, this product can help, very nice indeed Does everything I want it to. Quick & easy. Great diagnostic tool I love this app. I have been setting up a pretty robust and elaborate network in my huge house and was struggling with a few nodes and devices. This app helped me troubleshoot a problem that had flustered me for months and I couldn't be happier. Works fine and helps a lot but for some reason it tells me I have 90% interference on a channel but when I change to the recommended one it tells me I have 90% on that one too and to change back to the original! Even better Great app.. Worth the price to upgrade Great wifi tool, for a crowded space, with lots of neighbors Very handy tool. Works great . And the premium version with tweaks is well worth it. Is not accurate in 5GHz area used the free edition. Work s well. Refresh rate is slow for some reason but the app is full of working features. Its exactly what I wanted Great features, very accurate. It helps you tune your primary router and access points in relation to other network traffic that's out there... Especially helpful if you live in an apartment building / condo... Really helpful and found a lot about wifi channels and my WiFi is faster than ever now Best analyser I've found. Shows existence of hidden SSIDs as well which is useful for picking channels. A premium app!🤩 Handy for checking your WiFi channel. Useful tool for setting up and managing wifi Useful. Worth it. Excellent application. It does what I expected it was do and has features I wasn't anticipating. Can't switch between 2.4 ghz and 5 ghz Great app, worth the upgrade to premium It's worth paying the small fee for the premium version. Really great and useful app Does what it says on the tin Excellent tool for measuring and troubleshooting wifi signal levels. Easy to use. Clear data. Highly recommend this for anyone who wants to find optimal channels and locations for router. Ok It's really helpful in keeping me aware of when I should switch channels. It also has more detailed information on individual channels as well. An overall reliable and very helpful app. Great for identifying and selecting clear channels. Best 👍 Works well, but it really needs to refresh more often and reliably. Even setting the faster refresh rate doesn't help. Changing the refresh rate works initially, then it refreshes only occasionally. Paying for the app really is not worth the money. But, it is good for my purposes. The money i paid for this apps is worth it ... easy to use and understand from a background as IT perspective... I've used the free version for a while and it's gotten me out of trouble. Just upgraded to Premium.... Should of upgraded long ago! I have been using WiFi Analyser for years and I've never had cause to complain. I've found that it is consistently the most flexible, accurate, informational app of its type out there. Thoroughly recommend it. Good app, I have premium edition, can set up my router to correct channel away from the other congested WiFi networks, as I can pick up 11 other WiFi networks in my house, works great on latest Android device (S20 ultra). You have to turn of WiFi throttling in developer settings. Displays, channel width, interference %, signal strength dBm, link speed Mbps & more, signal tracker......this needs improving a little as it lags, but still works ok. Overall good app! Excellent app. Easy to read and use Good Does what it says. Helped find an optimal channel Good app Excellent App Very helpful Very useful charts display Works well. I bought the ad free version as I will be using for a long time. I use this app everyday to check my Wi-Fi. I use it to know if I should change the channel if there's any interference. It has made a big difference in the connection using Wi-Fi. Good application to have. Was able to adjust my wifi settings with ease. May it have more features. Works great for my phone! OnePlus 7pro I love this app. It's exactly what I needed in order to visually see the signal strength of various wi-fi access points around my home to determine if and/or where I could use an extender or decide to invest in a mesh system. I downloaded the free version and liked the ease-of-use so much that I immediately upgraded to the premium version to eliminate the advertisements. And was then pleasantly surprised with the extra features. This premium version is worth twice the price. 😊 This is an excellent app. No Ads... Just perfect The best! Superb! I purchased the pro version as a small thank you to the programmer Bagus banget n tanpa iklan (versi pro) Allegedly there is a filter in the paid version, but you cannot filter and not see the hidden ssid networks... Which these hidden ssid networks clutter everything I have been super impressed with wifi analyzer, it's let me know when WiFi is conjested, selected the best channel for me, etc NOT THAT GOOD Excellent App, free version recommended by several YouTube videos, tried a handful of others, preferred this one for clarity and ease of use. After 2 weeks I had used it enough times to justify the as free paid version. Buy it I paid for although the free version is very good, smooth, without a lot of annoying ads in fact even you don't notice them. عمل رائع وتستحق خمسة من خمسة Worthless Very useful to find the right channel for your router. Simple and informative app. Good Great App!!! Great app that I've used for a long time now. Definitly worth paying for! Amazing app. Bought it just to support the dev. This app made antenna alignment relatively easy, which optimized the WiFi signal throughout our house. Very nice, but it doesn't work well with Android 9 Pie due to WiFi scan throttling... annoying! I had to use an older Android 6 tablet, but it did the job. Excellent Helped me find the best signal Really good. It helped to stabilise my internet connection. Amazing worked so well the first time that i purchased it immediately. it solved slow wifi issues that I've had for so long that i thought it was just the state of my situation. this totally increased productivity so much that its way worth the price. Exactly what I was looking for. My wifi has been spotty for a long time. I recently installed a Tp-link combination Powerline adapter and Wi-Fi extender. So I now have four ssids in the house. The Wi-Fi Diagnostics function in the premium version gave me all the information to optimize each of the ssids. It also helped me appreciate how dynamic interference still is. This tool allowed me to optimize all of the SSID channel assignments by finding the gaps. Use the great User Guide!!! Downloaded the free version to replace another Analyzer app that stopped working. Used it for a few months and liked it so much I upgraded to the Pro version. Very nice and easy to use. Good information. Developer of this app is very nice to make the free version as good as possible, I have bought a pro version just to support him to keep up the good work. Great! Paid for it to support designer I found the UI difficult to navigate, it may be better suited to a tablet. Some SSIDs seemed to be missing from the legend. YMMV, happily the developer provides a free version so you can try before you buy (or just buy because let's be real, a few bucks to help you fix your wifi just once is fair and worth it.) Excellent app thank you. Very useful app! Great app., spend the $4 for the premium vision. The refresh rate doesn't work on the premium. This app has helped me to optimise wifi and repeater connections. Also works well with Fingbox to locate and block attempted wifi intruders I've used it for several large projects with no issues. Good Great tool to analyze wifi conditions. Gives good idea This did a great job of helping identify the interference with my current wifi connection. Great app! Now I just need to spend some time reading the user guide and to learn more about wifi networks! Thank you! 👍 Works great! Thanks for a cool tool Nice app Very useful, atractif look, nice.. Works reliably At first I didn't realize how many functions there were and was far from impressed. Now after using the app for awhile I have paid for the premium app and I absolutely love it! I recommend this app to anyone. There's a user guide in the settings that I'm sure will help if you don't get the app figured out after download. Enjoy! Does exactly what I want. Was able to figure out why the wifi in my home wasn't working as well as it should. Awesome I have multiple wifi and distances greater that 50 feet between points of access. This meter is want I needed to move things around to get good service. Great app can see all the networks around me and pick the least traffic band. Deadly Awesome APP to diagnose home WiFi and available networks when mobile. Effective spectrum analyzer I used the free version for one day to check it's capability. Bought the pro version same day. Very useful app, solved my wife issues. Just started. Seems to work 5. Other questions have to wait until I find out Works great! App work so well I purchased the phone version! I have paid for the pro app but it wont download onto my Samsung G9+ Any suggestions? Fixed it. Disabled malwarebytes to install. App works well Very useful Love it great app & very accurate ! Nice Job! Visual development is nicely done and the accuracy seems pretty good. Feature set is on par or better than other similar tools. Seems very stable and user friendly. Worth the purchase. Thanks for you efforts in developing this tool. It's helpful in design and optimization of my worel network. Exceptional at finding clear channels for your area wifi. Signal strength graphs good. I get graphs with most local networks all the same colour, green. This makes it difficult to tell which network is which when there are 10 in my area. (I probably just haven't figured out how to yet) I tried the free version because my wifi kept buffering even though I have a 200mb per second plan. I was able to figure out the problem using the app and make adjustments to fix it. The difference in my amazon fire 10 tablet is impressive. Before it was sooooo slow that I was about to get rid of it. Runs just fine now. My roku 4k tv is no longer buffering all the time. Anyway this app proved so useful I bought the premium version which I like even better. Easy to use, excellent for £2.99 Great app for IT people Rocks! Straightforward, clear-cut, very practical. This app prompted me a long-needed channel change, giving me faster connections. Well done. Very informative wifi coverage tool. Great! Useful helps a lot. FANTASTIC app for checking your WiFi signal strength, and selecting the least congested channels. Works really well, had free version . The premium version allowed me to remove wifi signals I didn't want to see Great! Awesome App Works well. Excellent wifi app Initially I had the free version and liked it a lot. The ads were not annoying or obtrusive and I could have lived with the freebe. But, it's such a cool and worthwhile tool that I opted for the premium version. (Which, by the way, is the first app I've ever paid for.) As a consequence of having this app and by doing some research I discovered my router control panel!! And, I learned about things like WiFi Scan Throttling. Yeah, right? Works how it should and provides useful information about congested wavelengths. Great app, does everything I need it to. Well worth £2.99 for the premium version. Works well on my Samsung phone and tablet. I like the filters and graphs etc. Buy it. wifi signals are not displayed/detected I have tools that can't compare to this utility ... I'm impressed with the response, refresh, help, signal tracer, suggested channels, easy to use and as in depth as you choose to go. Will help novice and professionals alike, leaves very little to be desired, no crashes yet and im working it! Other apps can charge more but this one blows them away and at less the cost. Way to go on this app guys. Helpful. Was able to find the best channel for our Wi-Fi Easy to use Works well, needed to scan channels and does what it says The Premium version is an Excellent app. Helped greater in solving a crowded channel issue. Read the provided user manual... I didn't at first and gave it a 4 rating. Having read the manual, all my previous issues are resolved and I re-rated as a 5. More useable info in 5 min than 3 others I've been trying for a week What a neat app. I can see which WiFi networks are the best to connect to. I like that it's shows you how strong the signal is and helps you connect to the strongest one Wow! It really is written for the home user. Not rocket science, so it's truly easy to use. User manual is to - the - point, so you have a good grasp of the whole thing in minutes. THANK YOU! Great be app Does not indicate accurate link speed Good app. Let's you find ways to navigate around busy local channels with bottlenecks. Great tool! Nice app. The developer has been very responsive Very intuitive, quickly identified optimal settings. I gladly upgraded to the premium version after using tge free version. Diagnostics are an added benefit. Pretty neat still learning but I like it Excellent utility, a must have app! I like rewarding developers for good apps. So I bought this one. Works great. very basic and not accurate speed test ,not worth the price Great Tool for analyzing WiFi network, speed and channels. Nice and useful app It does the job Just a perfect analyzer app Best $2.49 I've spent on an app. Got off the same channel as 4 other WAPs and optimized the location. Wi-Fi working great now. the best tool I've used, at home and for work Awesome app. Love it. Easy to use... I have a a large complicated residence with Ring devices. Some are having issues resolving their up addresses. The system has three access points, five nodes, and a router, as well as a host of various client devices utilizing the 2.4 band. Twenty to forty clients at a time. Looking for this help identify conflicting frequencies, and possibly re- cannel the routers as opposed to using floating bars from a cell phone.... I have a few other networks far simplier but same requests. Works great This is excellent for $3. Troubleshooting my home network. I would have paid more. Please make more apps. Could you possibly use the 3.5mm jack dongle to turn a phone into a zigbee, z-wave, etc. sniffer? Very nice app, for once, I can check the wifi signal without guessing Great app 👍 Great tool!! Works great Ok app Great tool! Great app, but I have throttling issues, is it possible to improve it? Good in information. Keep it up. Great app. Well worth the money. I reccomend to everyone. Awesome app! Super accurate! Nice app and easy to operate! I learned a lot about diagnostics and there were things I didn't even know about. Best tools to check signals and strength on wifi network. Helped me optimise my WiFi network - switching to a less crowded channel increased the speed I was getting noticeably. Thank you! Great tool Awesome and easy to use! I was having problems with my Google Nest door bell/camera always going offline. I was already to return the camera when I remembered using this app several years ago and thought I'd give it another try. WiFi Analyzer help me discover that my signal just outside the front door was too low to operate the camera. I was able to move my wifi extender close to the front door and the camera immediately came online. It also helped me see the extender is losing strength so a new extender is in order The app seems to perceive virtual APs (additional ESSIDs advertised by the same transmitter) as interference. Also, there is no visual difference on the channel graph screen between 20MHz, 40MHz and 80MHz channels. Otherwise it's a great app. Very useful app. Easy to use. Clear and informative. Returned 2 internet radios and about to return the third to Amazon but now find with this app it is the internet creating the problem. Tells you the best of 10 channels for your modem. Get the app Good Have only just started using and am impressed with the amount of wifi data it provides. Looking forward to using it to evaluate wifi networks. Good WiFi Analyzer Pro does a great job at conveying valuable data to you in a clear, uncluttered format. I liked it enough to buy Pro Overall, great features but subpar channel rating. I tried this app with another app called "WiFiAnalyzer" and the other app provider provided me with different results. Also, I'm more inclined to believe the other app because they base channel rating on the amount of other AP's using those bands. I don't see it with this app, so I'm not sure how the rating is being calculated. The results are a bit different too. I'm using the "Connected AP" setting as well. Any help would be appreciated. Easy to use, great manual, feature rich. Very cool app works fine as well Sort by access point is more like sort by SSID. Surprisingly easy to use and great detail. Nice Exactly as advertised. Great App a must for us network managers I bought the paid version because I liked the free one . However, I now find that I can no longer switch be the 2.4 freq. and the 5.0 freq. to compare them in the channel graph unless I shutdown the app and then restart it. It worked fine in the free app. Something is not right. Any suggestions to fix this? Great app. Invaluable tool. Although some of the technicality is beyond my skill level, I still found the app to be helpful in fine tuning my WiFi setup and in the process have learned a few things. Also, I had the exact same problem that another reviewer had, “…recommended best channel becomes the worst channel…” and contacted the developer. He was quick to respond, and the information provided helped to resolve the problem. Great app. Does exactly what it says. Only that but it does it well. ;) Happy days Thanks for this app, best wifi analyzer on the play store! The app works well as described. Great for checking 2.4Ghz and 5 GHz coverage just great especially without adds this app is fantastic, i especially love the Signal Tracker feature! good job Dev Best analyse app for wifi helpful in setting up router/repeater. showing I had to move the router to get the right balance / distances to reduce the interference between the two as they have to have the same channel. Because I wasn't able to find that out with other free apps this deserves the upgrade to pro - as its an reasonable price Great stuff Good stuff! Excellent app Very good. Helps me find aps not mapped on the network Tells me what i want to know. Through and very useful. Best wifo analyzer Gives good information about signal strength. Thank you for the great app. I found out my neighbor was on my wifi....not anymore lol. Great interface with alot of information. This app is one of the tools that I use to tweak the performance of my router to it's maximum potential. The Premium version is highly recommended. Absolutely the best wifi analyzer. Why spend thousands on AirCheck when you can get this for 2.99dollars Great ap !! Good for my purposes... Thanks Very fast. Works well with 2G or 5G connections, so long as your device supports them. Wish I had this on PC. Would also like to see who's connected to my network as well. Great application!!! Perfect tool I was looking for. I some of the screens seem to be a little tight corner to corner but overall 👌 very nice Excellent Essential tool Great wi fi analytics Got into my router and changed channel to what it suggested and my wi fi is much better Great for what I needed it for. Setting up a new ap in an apartment with many other wifi aps around. Got ideal channel and position of my router to maximize signal strength. Awesome app. Well laid out app. All works well except for the WiFi Diagnostics. I have a guest network set up on the 2.4 GHz band which uses the same channel as the primary 2.4 GHz band (which cannot be changed). This results in the diagnostic report showing 90% interference. If I turn off the guest network, the report shows 0% interference. This is the legit WiFi Analyzer. This app is a very useful tool for setting up your WiFi when you are in close proximity to other wireless routers. Does what it's supposed to do. Love this app. Very helpful and easy to use. Great program, does what it says.. Excellent app if you look in to analyze your Wi-Fi different channels Trash, due to limitations of android pie. Too slow. Useless. Very informative. Does what it is supposed to do very well Clear visual of all access including their strengths..... Overall a great way to see basic info you normally dig for like SSID#'s. Also helps with finding a good chanel to speed up your service! You can also see what other networks and how much bandwith is being used on the frequency they have chosen. Fixed a channel interference problem on my brother's network that was causing frequent delays watching video. Had been driving him crazy for a year. Thanks for the tool! Great app. great Great so far! Work fine right off. Good very good This is a very useful application for analyzing WiFi network issues. It provides straightforward information to aid in resolving the issues. In my opinion, this app is the best WiFi analysis tool on the market for your $. It works flawlessly in my use and provides all the information an end user needs for troubleshooting, spectrum analysis or initial reconnaissance. Two solid thumbs up 👍👍 Very handy app. Works well. Good Easy to use, very informative, up to date, just what I needed - thank you! Works great! Very good app when installed, then stopped working after an update. This turned out to be down to access permissions, and WiFi being turned off., on my phone Got immediate tech support from the creator of the app and perfect again. 😊👍 Love the info that comes up. Nice Works great! Works reasonably well and has useful features, but a couple of bugs I think. (1) Although I have a dual band router, none of the graphing and signal strength features work when I select 5GHz. (2) When using the Best Channel analysis function on the access point I'm connected to (Connected AP), the recommended best channel becomes the worst channel soon after I change my router to it. Without these issues, I'd rate the app 5 stars. What's not to like if you're a tweaker. Worth the three bucks to get rid of the Ads BEST APP and upgrade I use other apps but this app and got a results of a person using my Internet What can I do now Who do I get in touch! Yes it's obvious go to the police But I spoke to the policeman they need evidence! You need to have something on this program to collect evidence to report the intruder ! Plus it needs to be on 24/7 in the background and capture evidence telling the user in second what's gone off OR Make a box to connect before going into your network box? Works. Bought the premium version and it's great, except diagnostics don't work on the 5g freq. It does what it says Works great! This app is great for diagnosis of WiFi. It is solved many smart TV Wi-Fi issues from interference in an apartment complex. Great app! Does what it says. So far is the best tool I've seen that can help you determine your best Wi-Fi settings. Premium version just as good as free version with SSID filtering. One flaw in diagnostic analysis: when 2.4 GHz selected, analysis is displayed for 5 GHz. Great app, the best to solve wifi problems in corporative networks, saved me so much time ! App works very well for me, for most people this app will help you get the most out of your WiFi network. I live in a very high WiFi congested area, atleast 8 networks on each band less then 100 feet of mine. However it would be nice to have an advanced AP graph option to show channel bandwidth overlap from nearby AP's. Many people are now using 40 and 80MHz bandwidth. However now I can get wifi signal standing outside my front door on 5GHz band on my phone, it kept dropping connection before. One if the best apps for wifi analyzer I feel the best one out there. Installed it on android 9.0 LG V30. It scans about 5 times, then the app freezes. Then I have to wait for a period of time for it to scan again, only for the app to freeze again. Would love to try it again once that gets resolved. I know android 9.0 has restricted scan interval, but definitely need a working analyzing tool. Great app for network enthusiasts! Works well Does exactly what it's supposed to do. Just purchased the app so I am not going to criticize it at this time only to say that the user manual is created with white text on a black background. I wanted to print it out on paper so as to reduce the eye strain of reading it on the computer. Because of the black background, if I were to print it out, it would use an entire toner cartridge (I'm guessing). I would recommend recreating the PDF with black text on a white background. At least the 11 pages after the title page. Thanks. Should cost more. Nice program Amazing app had to buy it Cool perfect for checking out wifi signals. a must have app Very friendly UI. Many interesting information. Awesome test tool for an overview of different channels, strength, interference. Excellent wifi analyzer! Good app. Very helpful. Easy and it works! Great app.. went premium in 18 hours of use IT Professional for 20 years. This app is fantastic!!!!!! Eberything I could possibly need to know is right here. Well done!!! Best $2.99 I have ever spent!! Analiser Is a con. Change the channel for less interference as it suggests, once changed it gives other channels for improvement etc etc Does what I need it to do Cool Liked it enough to buy the paid version Very nice wifi analyzer. Has all the basics covered. Easy to use. Works great and let's you know the best channel to be on for the best signal rate. Great app. Haven't used enough to make judgement. It does exactly what it's supposed to. Excellent program. We have over 40 APs and this has helped to identify some issues. Works really well Excellent live program to diagnose wi fi critera, love it and need to use all facilities. Like every other wi-fi analyzer app. It produces a lot of technical information and jargon that doesn't help the casual non-technical user. If I worked in the tech industry I might understand what this app is showing me. But I don't work in that field and the user guide doesn't help because it's also written for tech savvy people. Awesome analyzer. Now my wifi is much better! Exceptional quality Excellent app. Does what I want when I need it. Get the paid version. Help em out! Ol Excellent It works.😁 It's hard to find apps that are this good, well thought out and executed with great support. The price of the pro version is s pittance compared to what it does. Works well. I bought the paid version. Knew I had some interference from neighboring networks identified channels that would be better. Excellent analyser!! Love it. Brilliant Great app, well worth the price. Effectively does what it is designed to do!😀 Really helped me analyse my wifi. great app and worth the cost. . Best I've found for troubleshooting. great app well worth the 3 euro By far the best app I've found to analyze the WiFi airspace. It's also well worth the minor charge to remove ads and provide further diagnosis. You can locate access points by walking around with your phone watching the live signal strength meters rise as you approach the transmitter. Works on both the 2.4 and 5 GHz bands. Buy it! I purchased the pro version so I could run full Diagnostics. Worth the three bucks. Does what it says it does easy to use Great tool, does exactly what it says best wifi android app super, well spent money to upgrade too Great app, very informative! The App works well in a analyzing Wifi but I had to delete it after it interfered with my Network connection after extensive research to locate the problem. My Network connection, throughout the day, repeatedly disconnected on my Samsung S8 phone. This went on for about a month. After trouble shooting by starting the phone in "safe mode" related the problem to this App. After removing it it solved the problem immediately. Just to add a note that the location I live in has a weak Cel signal. Great wifi analyzer that is easy to use and diagnoses issues quickly so you can optimize your wifi. Worth the $ imo Very nice app for networking and to know the unknown Quite good. Shows me most effective channels Awesome app. I never realized the important information I was missing out of. I found out I have a great signal but it could be even better if I switched channels. our ch has interference. You can check your speed, signal strength and more. Love this app, thanks. Does everything I need it to do. Very very useful. good easy tool does as it says Exceptionally good. like the fact that it shows you the best channel to choose Great application, works just like it is supposed to. helps diagnose problems great, useful app Exactly as described. Best Still shows ads best Wi-Fi analyzer I've ever used Excellent I recommend to correct WIFI issues due to interference. Great app, very helpful. Gives me all the info i need to investigate my local wifi sources. I used it frequently. It is my go to wifi app. The app appears to be fine but the icon for the premium version is messed up. The icon for the free version is fine however. Could the author please fix the icon issue I have mentioned? My phone is a Moto G7 Power if that is of any use. None of my other 100+ apps have this issue. Thanks. Great App Tried the free version for a few minutes and decided to purchase the Pro version. Fantastic WiFi analyzer! I had to replace the abandoned WiFi analyzer app I had used for many years and this is even better. Really good WiFi app. Comprehensive information and good to confirm my router is choosing the best channels. Really interesting to see how all the neighbours' channels are distributed (not very well according to the app :)) works amazingly well and easy to use. works well good stuff Awesome app! Use it all the time to select the best channel to use on my mesh network. Excellent app, really like the analytics. Works great, does what I need. Great app! good Gives a lot of information! Who knew air was so full of stuff! Excellent value for money Best App. Saved me a lot of money! Excellent app which bests inSSIDer - my previous favourites upgraded to Pro.. still getting adverts & no added features. whats going on? Works as described (running Android Pie). This is my second wifi analyzer app. Its key advantage is a startingly clear display of networks and their relative strengths. App works just as advertised but the user guide does not load. Could you please fix this? I was able to use the app to determine where interference with my router was coming from. so far this is a nice app to have to see what wifi networks are around you I just installed the Pro version of this app, and so far I like the new features, specially the Diagnostic one! extremely useful app This is exactly as it was promised! Best app to detect available channels and net efficiency inside your home. Love it, saw it on many youtube channels, even a wifi expert from work quoted it. It's perfect for its purpose. Best Wifi Doctor..jusr go for it This works like a charm. Was trying to track down who was stealing our internet with a network extender that appeared out of nowhere. If you patiently wait for each ping it can get you to within a foot of the culprit. Great App. Clear and easy to use. It does not get any better than this. Great app for troubleshooting customer's home network for dead spots when using WIFI in large homes I'm a cable TV technician and I use this app to confiirm the best location to place there modem and router for the best results does exactly what it's supposed to do Worked like a charm in the field. Without a network connection. Very handy tool for site survey. Now if there was such a way to hook up a directional antenna to my tablet. lol works! used to work great. doesnt update anymore which is sad. i known its googles issue but it makes this app not work well at all Helped a lot in setting up IP cameras in the garden/outskirts of property. so far-good! Used the free WiFi Analyzer app first and was amazed by the layout and colours as well as the service it provided, allowing me to configure my Netgear router for a greater improved wifi reception. As a result, video streaming and online gaming has improved, no drop outs or buffering. Happy to pay for this app and keen to see what the premium can do! Thank you to the developer! good enough does what it's supposed to do...a handy little tool to have when working with Wi-Fi Works on S9 very useful tool Nice app for analyzing wifi, I felt it was worth it to pay to remove ads and support developer. This app does just what it promises, although I quickly paid the $2.99 for an upgrade to the paid version for the most important fearures for me, which were the analytics. My chromebook's wfi performance has measurably improved! great clean interface. works great. It work like a charm! Thank you useful works like it should I like how this app tells you what the best channels are to set your wifi to. That feature is what I use wifi analyzer apps for and is what makes the app worth paying for. tried the paid version for the diagnostic tools. however, in both the paid and free version, when logging wifi signal it only works for about the 1st 30 seconds. then it continues to report the same signal strength it's at when it stops working, making it worthless for troubleshooting signal strength while walking around. waited too long to request a refund through Google, so even more annoyed now that I have a worthless app that I spent money on. This is a great app that I use almost every day! Only 4 stars for the premium version though as there is not much added functionality compared to the free version. unable to get the app to connect to different access points by clicking on the access points as instructed in the documentation. works fantastic galaxy s 10 It's only been about 6 hours, but already discovered that my Wi-Fi is being blocked by a neighbor. I'll provide an update after a few weeks. Waste of money, doesn't work for me Reasonably priced, works as advertised Works as advertised. Helpful works very good Well spent, especially on sale price.   Using on my S2 running Lineage. Plan to try to trace intermittent connctivity problems. I'm in a condo bldg. Neighbourly channel interference? works great A good tool. thanks for clearing up the question. Great app could use heat map functionality but still exceptionally useful. great app! easy to use, absolutely necessary to solve wifi problems great app, very useful and practical. nice works great I love it it tells me exactly where I'm at and what channel to change my Wi-Fi frequency to Absolutely fantastic app! not much more to say other than it does just about everything you'd wanted to do as far as Wi-Fi connectivity and diagnostics! Very helpful app which greatly assists in optimizing the network. Would rate a final vote if the continued presence of the free version icon wasn't left on my device. Does what it says it does. More than I can say about most apps. simple, small and powerful Well worth the money to upgrade to premium. good I really liked this app before the part I paid extra for stopped working. App has updated and is working again. Superb customer service, thank you Sir. great app i use it all the time grate app does what it says Great app! I threw out a different "WiFi Analyzer" app that is broken and non-functional under Android 9.0 on my S10. This one works great, looks great, and provides more info. Definitely worth the small price? awsome...pay the $2.99 great This is a great tool. Just purchased as I have been using the free app for a few years. i felt they should get paid for their efforts. Great app great Outstanding. Another great one. thanks 😊 great app Loved the freebie enough to buy it out of thanks for such a handy tool. The analyzer in pro is a great quick glance tool as a bonus! great app and has both access points on it Good app Works well. lets you knkw how to get ahead of speed and other wifi needs good app does what it's supposed to do Great tool, easy to use good wifi analyzing tool app! very useful to me in evaluating a problem with streaming tv via internet! a reccomended tool in your phone! excellent Excellent app, really helped me set up my new fibre broadband. At first only half of my devices could see my wifi hub. Once i realised that older devices use the 2.4 gb signal and newer ones use the 5 gb signal this app mate it easy for me to assign a different channel than the default one for my 2.4 gb devices. Wouldn't have had a clue otherwise. Great tool but is there a way to get to the user guide.  It keeps coming up blank? Great App. Provides lots of useful info about your home network and other networks around you. I really like the guide to understanding the analyzer... great app! works great ! awesome app!! i can test my wifi strength all over my 3 story house!! work well nice interface great thanks Ok Good app. Finds the best frequency to use (where a signal is low) accurately from my experience and analyses networks well. I paid for it accordingly. The horizontal axis labels of the channel graph are out of view below the lower margin of my screen. gooooooood !!!!!! one of the missing feature in last tab in AP graph is about channel width (20/40/80mhz) or if you can add details like about supported 5ghz or 2ghz ,AP brand model,supported protocol like g,n,ac.....u think if you add these details,this app become best wifi analyzer in Play Store .i tested near 20 app this one is one of the most completed app Well worth a couple bucks to go "premium." Excellent tool that seems to be accurate and reliable. It's a great app but, when ever you update to The Premium WiFi - Analyzer ($ 1.00 that-is) you're only getting two options one the removal of ads and unlocking the analyzer mode that is as far as you get.. "It Really doesn't augment your Wi-Fi faster..." So I give-it 4-☆'s ONLY.!! Easy to use. Large display! awesome app Easiest way on Android to troubleshoot your WiFi network. Works great and is very useful good app, and good view also. Great app to have its always good to no if your getting a good signal and at a good strength To help if your having connection problems and quality issues.... User friendly Great app! Thanks! very helpful and works well. good app Good tool. Helped me tweek my 3 different routers to obtain best case. As far as GUI the icons for selecting analysis and other features need to be larger. Have to use stylus to select them as fingers are too big. The screen icon for the paid version is not clear. Probably saved at too low a resolution. otherwise as I said, this can be a useful app if you're trying to configure your Wi-Fi network. good worth paying for premium, sorted my wifi issues instantly definitely worth every penny... This does the job well. It shows what is happening. Excellent app, clear analysis and good explanation in the user guide. Tells me I need a 5Ghz router! Helpful app, worth the fee for premium features. great app bery helpful awesome tool. Love it! I was very impressed by the presentation of the the Wi-Fi networks in my neighborhood. I am glad I got to see what's happening in my local ethernet. As I'm learning to do more analytical measurements of wifi, this app takes alot of the heavy lifting off my shoulders. Great stuff! Great tool for analyzing your home network Awesome app! Highly recommend it. I think it's a good tool to maximize use of my router. My cable company hates this app LOL works well. Easy to understand, simple interface that gets as complicated as you want or need. It's really useful for everyone, simple and cool.Thank you. Amazing WiFi analyzer. the absolute best I've found for Android. good job A nice to have would be MAC naming for ease of identifying various A/Ps. liked it so much I purchased the pro version great job dev... I am impressed i paid for an app to get rid of advertising. stop asking me for a rating after i declined. great, I like it, dual band, very useful great app..of of the best in its class works great... very happy with app. One of the best. Great Options, and really good interface. It's simple and very easy to use. awesome A good tool if you have neighbors Does what it says, well. I've tried heaps of WiFi apps and this is by far the best. This app has allowed me to fine tune my wireless network connections. Fantastic and has helped me greatly. Fi-Fi Fighting Words Great app. I really like it 👍🏻I am using largest font and large icon size in my display settings. Now I have a lot of overlaps in the text stings in the gui. Please help Great app Good app but the text overlay in the diagnostic test section is very annoying! Perfect simple analyzer app for me. Just downloaded. Will continue rating soon. Great app! Very good app Just got it. More later. Great app to scan and analyse WiFi and adjust setting for optimal connectivity. Easy to use and understand as well. Super easy to use! See which channels are not clogged up with other peoples WiFi, then go set your router for best WiFi experience! This app gets the job done. Easy to use and understand. No extraneous options nor confusing settings. However, it does not show each access point's manufacturer name. Please add this function. Not enough features, too slow response time, unable to separate multiple signals on same freq. Good network analyzer for 2.99 would highly recommend Does what it supposed to do. Very useful Works as described on the box. Managed to increase local wifi performance through channel optimisation. Excellent product. Very helpful troubleshooting some wifi issues. This helped me so much! I don't know much about techy stuff like this but i was still able to solve the mystery as to why my internet suddenly started crashing literally every other second. Im lost when it comes to ssn's and vpn's or any other ABC terms used for wifi/IT stuff but the user guide on this app made it all much more understandable! I was even able to use the information I gathered from this app to fix my crashing wifi. Well worth the 💰 Easily understood graphical representations Great! As an IT professional, this app is great. I've used it to troubleshoot dropping issues in a warehouse, and to setup home and businesses networks. Worth every penny and more. Works great. Lots or useful info. Love it..... Does what I need it to do, good Very handy app to tune router Works great Great app. Helped me set my wifi up for the congested area I'm in. More consistent connection now. Very cool app does so much analysis and really will assist with your network Very great wifi analyzer. Brilliant! Good Very useful app for getting the best from your WiFi. Nice app. Helps a lot with debugging Wi-Fi information. Great app Great application. This software has helped me find the perfect place for my router so I could optimize my WiFi signal! I highly recommend it!!! It delivers, in presice, easy to understand formats. It's an essential tool on all my Wi-Fi devices. It's one of a handful of purchased apps that I really use. Just great. Had to buy it This App is an Awsome time saver for Networking. Huge time saver for me. Trying to get all my channels in order on a oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico was easy and fast. Will be using it on drillships and FPUs next. working great so far, bought as an emergency measure and will likely be continuing to use WIFI analyzer over replacing the dedicated device All the relevant information at A Glance. Great app. Keep up the good work. Channel graph is to big I cannot see the numbers Good. Nice detailed analysis, especially helpful to check WiFi health before leaving cameras and security system for the day or weekend. Excellent and useful Needs some explanation of what I'm seeing which looks awesome so far Seems to work ok but unable to cure my problem. I bought a brand new samsung galaxy s7 active which has awful wifi reception compared with other phones. It was replaced, but the replacement had same problem. Wifi Analyser is telling me I have a link speed of 27MBPS, which is reasonable, but actually on this phone the wifi is very slow or non existent. I am puzzled! keep crashing when I open this app How annoying Would have liked it probably but it kept crashing on my Note20 Ultra. At this point this application has failed to launch its program It crashes This app is worst. I paid a good amount of money, and it stops working when I opened photo. Tried contacting developer many time. They are not replying. Please don't purchase the app. Doesn't open I rarely use it, but it always helps me to do what I intend to. Awesome control of the process of geometrical distortion of a photo! Yeah, it's better to buy the full version. But the price isn't very high, and the app itself is decent enough. Wow, kind of hard to use but deep, deep ability to edit photo perspectives. Sadly just crashes straight away on OPPO Find X2 Pro App is no longer working. It hasn't been updated for ages. Pity. It was good while it lasted. GOOD JOB!!! But just one suggestion to make it fly: The Ability to Save a Distortion as a Preset. Reason: As we jump from one device to another then comes back to this app for photo correction, user may shoot a (print out) Precision Grid Plate in advance, correct distortion and save it as Preset before commencing work - a lens calibrating plate - this app is made for this! What good are correctional softwares if we don't have the ability to use reference tools? Go on, make a kill, thanks! :) Indispensable app for a Snapshot user or anyone serious about photo editing. Its distortion correction controls are a big advance over those controls in Snapseed. So clean, intuive, stable and efficient that it has quickly become an essential app in my workflow. Pethetic...waste of money There's a trick here, the app isn't worthy without the "4 points" option, and you must buy the app in order to purchase it, no way to try it before. And then you you must pay money on every single photo you need to save, every time. That's a rip off that I've never seen before. The app is no longer working. It's keep crashing on my Samsung Galaxy A51. Last update was in 2017. I guess the dev has abandoned this app. Legacy App Used to be the best, now it's stuck without update. Force closed in Android 10, and the only one to used it only with share button Ur app is not responding it's been one month It used to be a good app. However, it hasn't been updated since 2017, so it's likely features won't be added and bugs won't be fixed. I just moved over to Snapseed. Was a really good app for simple editing but now it crashes when trying to open any of the applications. Необходимо в повседневной работе технолога. После микроскопа в фотках нужно убирать дисторсию. oh my goodness yes absolutely what I needed It was the most used app on my pixel and now all of sudden it has turned out on me. Varied number of bug issues that doesn't even take the photos from lib. as well as it crashes instantly. Please fix this problem 🙏 Outstanding perspective correction set of applications. Should be part of any serious mobile photographer set of tools. first time installing but cannot open always crashing What just happened to SKRWT ?? It keeps crashing!! This was my most favorite apps. App is crashing always App won't even open. Useless. App crashing Great app! Easy to use, I didn't even watch the tutorials but I understood how everything works even without texts on the icons. Приложение так себе, есть масса приложений с таким же функционалом и даже лучше. По мне так лучше переплатить но пользоваться всем в одном месте. Более того там 3 модуля, за каждый нужно платить отдельно. Its crushing on android 10, I can't use it anymore GREAT USEFUL EDITORIAL APP FOR PHOTOGRAPHY EXCELLENT! 👍👍👍👍👍 Good app, does what I purchased it for. Loses one star for annoyingly cluttering everything with their 2 other apps that I don't need and don't want. Especially spamming the share and edit UI with all 3 apps is annoying. Paid this app for some years ago already, been okay until recently it asks me to pay again for using its add-ons. It's really good, best app for correcting lens distortion, I would give it 5 stars but the only defect they I find is that it removed the Metadata of the corrected images such as pictures location, time, date etc. After buying this not able to open it! Even after sending feedback nothing happened. Better to avoid this app, total con job. I needed this app so bad for my skyline pictures of Chicago and St. Louis I love it! I bought this but thought i could use for video. Seems like it's a no. worst app i have used till date mrrw and 4pnts is In app purchases for export option... yuck.. Abusive shopping policies in the application, you must buy the pro version of the app and to use it you must buy the plugins, report the app using this description does what it says it does and does it very well!! this app is only for rich and professional photographers only if you are professional photographer you better use Lightroom, Photoshop and snapseed and best edition apps out ther than this i paid for app and suddenly forcing to pay for using app please don't buy this app 1st you buy app in store after to edit from every feature you need to buy every feature individually pity on you skrwt A little half baked. Granted you can just about get things into a tilt shift like correction but does seem to have over done the control handles when all that's needed is four point and lens correct. Why am I paying extra for the four points when the four points should be the primary tool? Just thrown money here for nothing. Deleted. Świetna aplikacja do korekty perspektywy zdjęć Really good app, but i'm getting crashes when exporting images straight between the 3 sub-apps wothout saving in-between. For a paid app, i'd hope this gets fixed. Really handy app with exactly the toolbox I was looking for. My only complaint is I still don't know how to pronounce the app. Is it Skroot? Skrote? Skraut? Some of the interface elements could stand to be a bit more intuitive as well. 9not that ģood Lieber Support, ich habe die App im Angebot für 10ct gekauft. Nun steht in 4pnts, dass ich 4pnts für 60ct kaufen muss, um in voller Auflösung zu speichern. Ich hoffe sehr, dass das nur ein Bug ist. EDIT: Lieber Support, wie ich deutlich ausgedrückt habe, habe ich die App bereits für 10ct gekauft, und nun sieht 4pnts App so aus, als hätte ich sie nicht gekauft. Ausserdem schreibt man "das" mit einem "s", wenn man das "das" mit "dies", "welches" oder "jenes" ersetzen kann. LG user interface is beyond terrible. not worth your money. camera option is not in my app it looks like a great app. unfortunately I cant tell cor sure. I have purchased the app from the store. but i still have the purchase button enabled inside the app. requesting for another payment. unless I make it I can't export the picture. pay for the app only to need to pay again for each photo? garage Best app for improvement clicks in hurry been a long time since last update and i'm still waiting the 1.5 Ver, the UI should be improved too I'm mesmerized by the app. I love all the features. I reckon this app to anyone who's looking for a great editing pictures. 5 stars from me 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 I this is best apps in photo editing Pay for export Too early to tell, but seems great. I only need to use it for the lens correction that's missing from my other editing apps and it works very well for that What the heck!? You have to buy the pro version of this app to use it; and then purchase the feature to able to export the image, just a scam, you'll be better off by just using Google photos editor than this garbage. Ever took a great pic only for the horizon to not be straight? Well, this fixes that no problem Worth the money... In app purchases are way too good This app is a life saver. Loved it! Awesome App! The app price is 95 Indian rupees but I was first charged 50 INR and then  95 INR. I want to know I was charged 50 INR? App works great, if only there was an option to remove redundant MRRW and  4PNTS from system share menu. Absolutely perfect. I second a request to create a camera app that fixes  lens resolution based on phone model. No need to cover all phones possible,  just the top 20 or something. If automatic correction is not available for  a phone, the user can correct manually. RAW shooting would be enough. This app probably saved me from losing my job! I was all of a suddenly  asked to take a photo of some VIPs but there was some very noticeable  barrel distortion which made the guys at the end of each row have elongated  heads! I was asked to send the pic over before they left for their flight  so I had only a few minutes to fix, so I quickly googled for a remedy &  found rave reviews about this app. Suffice it to say, it was easily,  magically fixes & I still have a job! Worth every penny! When will the next update happen? This app let's me edit my photos like no other app I've ever seen. Good app. Must try I take alot of interior shots with wide angle lens and it's awesome to fix the distortion before I upload it to my PC. Thanks! OH.YES.!!! Been looking forever for the lens distortion fixing app on mobile! SKRWT totally did the job. Worth every dime spent. Thank you for making this!!! Fantastic specialised image editing app It ok Amazing for corrections, but also includes MRRW, which I've found is brilliant for creating designs, illusions and wallpapers. I've made some fantastic wallpapers from simple images such as a starry night or picture of a clothing item. Amazing app, and even better when paired with other apps such as Eraser and Sketch which help develop amazing images. Simply astounding Crashes upon opening LGV20. Worked great on my last phone. Still the BEST! Worth the pay It good when doing what it can do, I wish it has more though. I'd like it if I can use this as an image picker and have an option to resize the output to presets like 1024x768, 1280x720 etc Some. Potential not a good as other free apps.... Excellent app for those who want to ensure perfect verticals, get rid of barrel distortion and other lens distortion flaws. It was working great when I first bought it, but now the app keeps crashing when I open an image. Any fix? Great This app is absolutely spectacular, and for all its amazing capabilities, it is incredibly cheap! I recomend purchasing the interior apps MRRW and 4PNTS, they are amazing too! really good app, but can u guys make a camera app to solve the distortion issue when I take the shot?? that would be a great saving of time and effort to go though all my photos and re-edit them. App is amazing keep it up 👌🏽👌🏽✌🏽 just one thing make text and icons bigger for Android and please do not discontinue the Android version it's really superb, because many great photography apps have discontinued from Google Play Store and now settled in app store only. #Dope #Skrwt Was a great app, but being asked to pay for it again, so 1 star as I'm not paying twice This is a masterpiece. An absolute must for everyone who does some serious mobile photography. I'm being asked to repurchase the app. I had purchased the app last year. After having used it for some time, I had to uninstall it to free up space. Now when I'm trying to reinstall the app, I'm being asked to pay again. I've even mailed the developer about it but haven't received any response yet. Amazing app, really useful for editing my photos to a professional standard. Thanks for fixing the issue I came across. Does exactly what it claims to. Brilliant! The latest update is totally inspired! Thoughtful UI. Does what it says it does. Good job. The phone is stock I like this app, I really do. I've already unlocked all the in-app purchases. But please do something about the size of buttons. They are so small. The UI really needs some polishing. One major bug does not allow me to use this app, I wrote an email to the developer and hope to get an answer. Other than that this app seems amazing, I hope my problem can be fixed. Update: emailed the developer twice- no response. Amazing lens correction feature! I however can't use the replace function to overwrite the original image. I'm on Pixel. Is it going to be addressed any time? user friendly and the effects are nice Awesomeness Incredibly powerful tool to turn ordinary pictures look extraordinary and professional. The app has inspired me to take more pictures using my phone. My recent problems are fixed now! I don't typically enhance many of my pics, but when I want to it adds that little bit of pop and pizzazz I'm looking for which my stock editor doesn't offer. Great job! My go-to app for perspective corrections. More options, intuitive controls, excellent results! Great app to fix your photo, especially the one which has geometry and symmetry component. It offers you many feature and tools to work with. Very nice app for those who love to tweak the photos to the best without looking artificial. I have been using this app  and love the way I can  change the perspective of my photos. Amazing App and well thought functionalities, I use it all the time! This app makes me look like a much better photographer than I really am! I love it. 😀 Been using this app since it first launch in play store and i am still using it. Recently i take part into the beta program, it was great! Every problems that arise are simply my own mistakes and the dev is friendly and fast in trying to help my problem. So great app, great developer. Thanks! Taking the difficulty out of the final adjustments that make a photo epic, creating scenes that seem surreal and almost magical. LOVE this app, worth every penny. Between this and Snapseed, I never need to import photos to photoshop again. Amazing. Makes your mobile photo creative and beautiful. Their Instagram photos are inspiration to take more perfect shots. Love it. Excellent and easy to use app. One of my favourite photo editing apps This app so good to fix your problems angles on your photos and it's easy to use and you have many options, i like it. I'm using on my Samsung S6edge This all is just perfect for when want to correct those little mistakes that happen when you're trying to take a symmetrical photo, the only thing that I would change is to have an option to always have the grid active but ignoring that this is perfect, I use it with a lot of my pictures. My only goto app to fix perspective. amazing features, havent come across anything what this app does. No other editing app gives you the ability to precisely tweak your image to perfection as SKRWT does. I discovered this little gem of an app on iOS as I loved the way it made changes to my images with ease and put a new twist on them. When I moved to android late last year it was one of the apps I went for and paid for the add ones. If you are keen on photography and want to add your own twist get this app!!!! It's wunderbar. SKRWT lets the user apply some fine tunings and mirror effects to images that no other image editor app allows. The resulting images are much better than the original pics. Also, the way in which the app is organized is clever: SKRWT for regular image modifications, MRRW for mirror effects, and 4PNTS for fine tuning the perspective of the images. SKRWT helps me find the right perspective for my photo edits. Very user friendly and fun to use. A must-have app for mobile photographer. Awesome app easily the best producing apps out there. My architecture images standout due to this app! Such a powerful app. Does have a bit of a learning curve, but it's a must have if you want to up your photography game. As an architectural and interior photographer this app is just a gift. If you are obsessed with perfection and symmetry, this is your app. I just love this app. It's very easy to use and extremely helpful. Game changing app for distortion correction 💣 (and the Instagram profile showcases great artists) So awesome. Thanks so much for your app. Intuitive. My favorite app ever. Check the short videos recommended. Doesn't support moving to SD card. Well, v1.4 (both companion plugins purchased) still can't be moved to SD. Great app to normalise the convergence of architectural lines!! Best bang for the buck photo editing app, there are lots of photo editing app that is expensive but has in app purchases that everything you do or what you want your photos to be needs extra add on but this app is definitely worth every single money you spent on cheers Good app excellent customer support I use this on iOS all the time So I didn't need it so much on Android but I bought it on here to with all in-app purchases just to support Great software.. 👍👍 One of my favourite app, can't set directory folder to sd card on marshmallow though Great. No more keystone buildings! Best I can give it is a 4 given the features per cost compared to the big boys of photo editors. Amazing job at correcting the perspective. A feature that made me love another photo editor is now an app of its own, with excellent results. If you take pictures buy this. What it does is fix images with distortion or perspective issues I've never been able to properly fix in an app.  The two additional purchases are worthy if not necessary. Excellent app. Awesome! But I can't seem to be able to open RAW photos... Maybe I'm missing something A great app. Powerful and easy to use. Many options and ways to manipulate your image. Good looking layout and the controls over the effects are simple and well thought out. Highly recommended. Their videos are instructive and a joy to watch how to get the best from the app. Great, stylish app for editing photos and creating photo art Awesome 👊 I'm not quite using this but when I do it really gives me control over what I want my photos to look like. Amazing! I have one concern tho, i bought this on my android phone. Is there any chance I can download this on my iphone because I'm planning on switching mobile os? Thank you. Amazing application. So pleased to find this app on Android. Must have app for photo lovers. A useful and well designed app, but since my first photo edit, the app will not export or save any image I edit now. I've tried reinstalling, cleaning out my phone's storage, and assigning the folder destination for the gallery. Nothing. Great app for fixing lines and perspectives in photos. Fantastic for architecture. Wonderful UX and UI. Bravo :) Needs a better design. This looks too iOS-ish and buttons are really small. Also, 4PNTS functionality is on Snapseed for FREE. And I don't see enough things in this app that aren't on Snapseed already. useful app. but with big loss of quality after saving. developers should improve it. It does make Distortion Correction a Breeze...quite simple and great Tool ! Wow such a powerful tool for any photography, anyone who gives negative feedback have no idea how or what this apps does. Very freaking cool! Best editing software for phone, period. Adobe should be ashamed. If you are a SERIOUS photographer/artist, you will want this with you. Don't rate this app down cuz of in app purchases that are clearly identified before installation. When trying to open the (default) camera folder that also contains RAW images, the app cancels the action and sometimes even crashes. I do not expect it to handle RAW (even though snapseed has no problems doing that), but then it should ignore it and show the JPG only. At this moment, the app is useless unless I manually copy the JPG's to another folder. Phone: LG G4, Lollipop, SKWRT updated to the latest version (supposedly with RAW compatibility) Amazing perspective easy perspective editor for mobile. This is a must have app for correcting photos of buildings that appear to be falling backwards. Definitely worth paying for. This is really good Quite a useful app and complements other editing apps like snapseed nicely. Best to keep an eye out as it's on offer quite a lot. One of the essential apps for mobile photo edition Very easy to learn & use. Smooth workflow. Great results in 1 minute. A must have if you have a LG V20 or G 5 or you take pictures of buildings. I'm using it on my Note tablet right now 10.1 it's an amazing application. A perfect picture is perfect until you have a magic wand to play with it's pixels. Thanks you for this wand!! Only photo editor you'll ever need. Use it everyday Dig this app. Easy, fast and perfect for fixing distortion in photos. Very much recommended. Charge more! Good APP! The corrected image using skrwt seems too much jaggery aliasing all over the corners. Very ugly. You need to improve the logarithm for the defish images The app never export or save photos yo the gallery Thanks for your great app. Unfortunately it's not good to buy an app and again pay for in app purchase. It should be free with in app purchase or or not free to pay once. I hope you consider this point. This is the first app I ever purchased and it feels good! It's flawless. I was reading the reviews and I too was baffled on the complaints. It's there, in app purchases down below. I do hope there will be more features to come. This is perfect with snapseed too I can't quite get the results I want on snapseed but it works for this app. Thank you dear developers If I had an option to copy an original as I'm importing file. Than,  I can play with it without having to answer Yes or No via dialog every time I opt for a change. That would be awesome. Also, some parts of user interface made to interact with are really out of proportion. Make buttons bigger. Then, when I click on it app doesn't have to ask me if I'm sure that I want to do what I just wanted to. Love this app and it's bundled upgrades too!! $.45 is a great price for all the functionality. Love the fact that it can take my 4:3 photos and make them 16:9 Less than enthusiastic about the combative responses from the developers to gripes (warranted or otherwise) from users. Description and screen shots contain functionality which is only accessible via paid add ons, however it is not obvious anywhere. Unless you know to translate "in app extension" to "additional paid extensions required", you'll be unaware until you try to use the advertised feature. Price excuse irrelevant since it's only on special in the short term. A beautifully designed photo editing app by Mathäus J! Definitely well worth the in-app upgrade to the other two bundled apps. What sets this apart from others is the smooth and intuitive workflow and the mind boggling array of effects possible - things no other apps have in my experience! Kudos to the developer and interface designer! Amazing app, easy to use and powerful. The only thing I miss is the option to replace photos stored in Google photos: I have to edit manually date and time of every picture I correct... Fast and clean user experience. No tutorial needed, it's self-explanatory. And the price? Dang near free, even the IAPs are heavily discounted! Thanks! Its advertised for 10p but in fact one you get into the app it expects you to pay another 20p for two nore addons. I know that the actual bundle could cost way more then 30p but this is not the way to do business. Looses points for the bait-and-switch sales technique and for the lack of vowels. Put the product in one package (at 3 times the price if you like) and use some dmn vwls! Amazing app! 3 quality apps for 30p... thank you! Работает так, как нужно. Все идеально. Real good for architecture manipulation straightening perspectives etc etc 10p for 1 module and 20p more for the other 2.. Worth it for sure But worth £10, bit of a learning curve but the YouTube videos are there to help, corrected the keystone and alignment on a few holiday snaps with great success. Superb app, does great corrections to pictures, well worth the very small price. I Have no use for it I read a few comments regarding the in app purchases before I purchased the app. It's great that not only did you let us try 4PNT and MRRW demos within the main app but you have discounted the price of those full apps as well. So I just bought brilliant functionality on my phone for editing city scapes and bought a family of apps for 60c AUD. Thanks developer for making such an easy to use app that does such complex things. The app is awesome and works as expected. I hope they'll add color correction in the future. Hey at 60 cents it might come in useful one day! The app and price is great! Thank you! I'm always looking for other apps that I can add to my photo app tool box for editing pix that I take with my cameras.  This one is well worth the money for the features it offers.  I'm glad to have it available.  Thanks! Great app,  actually works well,  amazing I got it for 30p. Thanks Thumps up to the RAW support. Has various touch up features. Lense correction works well. Buy for only 10p,try to use advertised in apps, end up paying extra Especially with this offer, more than just a it's worth it sentence! I really like the app, however when cropping corners you don't get a magnifying glass or a handle, so your finger blocks the view. Also, you should be able to grab the cropping lines anywhere to drag them, rather than only in the centre, if you are zoomed in on the corner for example, you can grab a vertical line and move it, you have to zoom out grab it in the centre and move it, but you are zoomed out now, so precision is gone. Don't bother Its Rubbish I love deal of the week!  Get to spend $0.60 (IAP too) on apps I may use.  Not phased if I don't, i am just happy to help out.  Think of it as software busking. Great app helps my OCD Very well thought out, practical and very effective. Even handles raw. Well played devs, stupidly cheap as well Disappointed to read criticism of. anyone who dare give a poor review. People should not feel pressured into higher ratings It takes getting used to. Over and above that which it already offers, it has great potential. 'Golden ratio' detection, either pre-sets or the ability to apply alternative 'Golden ratio' on the fly would be nice, and useful. Whilst there is a back button, effectively an 'Undo' button, it would be useful to 'forward' or 'Redo' any changes, in addition. Side auto-hide menus, 'optional', like the S7e, would also be nice. Perspective is everything, and the devs have hit the mark! Thanks devs, great job! 30p is a smashing deal for what the app offers! And it is a very powerful app! Had hidden microtransactions been mentioned in the description, it would have made the Dev look awesome ✌ Amazing app. Absolutely love it and all for 30p with extras. Bargain. I always check the app deal of the week. So often it's something that's not really useful. This week it's an essential for anyone interested in photography. And I was thrilled to discover the two companion apps were also on offer, so the whole package cost next to nothing! Along with Snapseed, this app has utterly revolutionised digital photography. In the old days you'd need a very specialised lens to achieve these results. I'm only aware of one Olympus lens that was capable of basic perspective shifts. Nothing that can't be done in other photography apps. Namely Picsaypro and Snapseed. 2 apps with far more to offer than this. The apps ok, but with in-app purchases, it should be free to start with, sort of negates the deal A fantastic set of tools Moaning about 30p lol ... I feel like I've stolen the app... 5* This app cost me 30p!! It's disgusting that I had to pay all that for a top quality app that transforms my pictures in a much more useful way than most apps do. A whole 30p, I could have put a deposit down on a chocolate bar for that. Or a coffee. Feel ripped off... Only joking! Fantastic app that's worth much more than that. Good idea that works well. Didn't expect that I have to make additional purchases. Everything else is fine. Excellent app, brilliant offer for measly  30 pence for all round functionality. Go for it 😎 I use this on most of the shots I take of buildings, it's easy to use once you see the very helpful YouTube videos from the developer and the performance has always been outstanding. Not much to do, only about three options. If you're looking for "The Missing Link in High End Mobile Photography" I suggest Google Snapseed.  At least that's free. Great app! Loved MRRW. So after reading the description I thought, sounds good lots of algorithms so it must have some fancy features. Nope every screen is manually adjusted. Spent a good few minutes on one photo and what's this? No save button. Nope, that's an in app purchase..just to save... I also see the developer is having a go at the customer base who complain about being deceived. "it's clearly listed the purchases in the description" no it's not mate... The only mention of purchases is the Google play store stat's page.. Adds so much to your photography. I am really impressed. Some amazing features. Perfectly for city / landscape photos!. Thanks. Bought the other two while on sale hehe. Bargain and a half! :) Ok, so this was the app deal of the week so I thought "it's only 10p, I'll give it a go". Then once in the app I am confronted with the fact I have to pay TWO more lots of 10p to unlock the features.  Yes, I know but it's only 30p. It's more the principle of the matter. I thought the point of the deal of the week was that you got all three. To get all the features you need to buy a further two items thankfully there 10p as well Says it has a lot of features but you need to pay extra to use them Can't complain note 10.1 2014 I paid upfront and then a had to do an in app payment why? Не рекомендую. Внутри 3 отдельные элементы с автоматической обрезки фото. 2 из них надо докупить. I spend 20p when I could've used it on sweeties What happened? A decent app that could mostly fix perspective was infected by a desire to sell useless apps (for purchase) in the app that I had already purchased. They do the same thing but not as well. AND, when exporting photos to SKRWT, they are somehow the default now. Yes, I'm talking g about 4PNTS and MRRW. Utter failure! It's quick, responsive and fun to play around with. It does feel like it's built for architectural photography, but works fine with a picture of anything. Lost one star because of the strange need to exclude vowels like they're going out of fashion. Everything works, easy and effective! I will find this app useful, having had to use limited instagram tools to fix perspective in the past. A suggestion for improvement is an auto fix feature based on lens of camera and predicted distortion, if that's possible. Thanks. Nice GUI and fast app to run and download. Awesome Downloaded this while on offer. 10p is a great price. But. Don't see what this does that Snapseed doesn't. For free? Might be a bit miffed off if I'd paid more... No filters or anything like that just stuff like rotating the image. Purchased via this weeks special offer then the app started asking me to buy the app! Couldn't be arsed to message the dev (could take days)  so got a refund within Google store time limit The app is good, but the user experience of having 3 apps bundled in one app is just bad. Put everything in one app and charge a normal price, nobody that cares about photo editing will want only one of them just to save 20 cents. The description is not very relevant so when I saw it's app of the year, I would have expected more from it. It can't even fix camera tilt on stitched panoramic photos. The features of the app should be part of a larger photo editor. Doesn't do anything that other free apps don't and makes you pay for additional features. And the refund didn't work for me... UPDATE: I still don't see how this is superior to PS or other editors. And I hate in-app-purchases. You scam people into spending more when you offer the app for 0.10 and ask for more in-app. Downloading photos from the cloud still doesn't work. IPhone description Very unique Awesome app all around Magic I really don't like in app purchases on apps that I purchase I would much rather pay 3.99 for this for everything instead of individual payments. If a pro version gets released I'll pay the full but until then I'll just wait It's really a fantastic and high quality app. The new workflow is more natural than the previous, thanks for listening to feedbacks. Nice & Different app.. Thanks Why do I have to pay xtra for MRRW and 4PNTS.  I thought all are gonna be in one. Otherwise app seems to be good. Very clever developers. Can't wait for the MRRW part of this app also. As it is still in 1.0, I can't believe how well done this app is! Love the UI and the way it gives the user the freedom to apply even the slightest of changes. Can't wait for updates, as this app is bound to get only better in time. Great job and keep it coming!   Edit: now proud user of 1.3 and this app has become one of the three of my main photo editing apps! Love it! #ALLHAILSYMMETRY Really like the improvements in the latest updates This is a very useful and easy to use app for correcting lens distortion, and gives really good results for barrel and perspective distortion. It also has different modes for fisheye and GoPro lenses, which is great. For five stars though I'd want to be able to turn off auto cropping, as with very distorted images I lose a lot of the picture. (Note 4) Brilliant App, still exploring all the options, absolute bargain at twice the price. It does have a slightly 'non standard' file handling system which I'm still getting used to but you can access files directly from Google Photos  and you can share directly to the App from Gallery. Make sure image is saved properly before quitting, I did have one image that seemed to save with a much low resolution than the original but I'm not sure what happened  there, other images have save d perfectly. I'm mainly editing jpeg images from my Panasonic camera which are 5000+ pixels wide and it handles them perfectly. Finally the tool that makes people look real - undistorted on pictures taken with mobile or even pro lenses. It's easy to use, worth every penny. I've downloaded this app but it wont work on my device. Help me. Please, add a feature to apply similar settings to multiple images, than it would be necessary app for all gopro owners! Simple and usefull, i hope this app got more recognitions that it deserve, and yesss all hail symmetry Horrible! Nice high-end mobile phone app for adjusting and cropping images. The phone has a gyro, meaning that correction info should already be utilized by the app but it isn't. Instead you have to fiddle with manual controls back and forth to try to get the image corrected. Total waste of time. Additionally, buttons at bottom of app's UI are too small and too close to the Android back and exit buttons causing one to constantly trip them by accident. ดีงาม It's caused me to look at images in a new way. All hail symmetry indeed. Of course there's room always for improvement. I think all should hail landscape orientation as well. Another good thing would be if the alignment grid could be moved across the image horizontally and vertically. Just incredible! Does what it does sooo well But surprising lack of keystone correction (I can correct "upright" perspective but I cannot align lines on the sides of image that were parallel in reality). Also "before/after" preview would be the obvious helpful thing to have. The best designed app I have ever come across. The user interface is very practical and seamless. This app is perfect for all kinds of photographers, along with Snapseed it completes the mobile editing suite. Highly recommend. Must have for everyone obsessed with symmetry Love this Really solid. Does what it says it does. Well. I just wish there was a way to open photos in 4 points directly. Seems like extra, unnecessary steps to get there. The best photo corrector and enhancer, professional, useful and simple. My problem was solved. Thx. Awesome for perspective correction Perfect for fisheye Hands down the best way to fix all sorts of image distortions, crop images and do cool mirror effects on Android. Add drag over image to adjust values to the base application and it's 5 stars from me (that small dragging area on the bottom is a little awkward on a phone). Preferably with different adjustment speeds for vertical and horizontal scrolling. Other modules already use drag over image anyway. Had trouble accessing MRRW, even after the update came out a couple days ago. Finally uninstalled and reinstalled it. Viola I got MRRW this time. Love it. You Rock Guys! Definitely a great gem for your mobile photography completely worth the purchase, I use it to fix lens distortion and perspective control it keeps my image quality high and the amount of control you get over the distortion is awesome as well as all the other little tools! Keep up the good work guys! Using it on Samsung Note 5. This is the only featre missing on my numerous mobile editing apps ... those who know  what perspective correction does to a quick snapshot  taken in a hurry or understand the limitation of smartphone cameras will really appreciate this awesome app. Works perfectly on my Note 5 and super easy to use. Spending my time editing photos using this app and it's simply the best perspective and lens correction app in play store. Symmetry!! This and the VSCO filters have done wonders for my pics, absolutely couldn't do without this anymore. Devs got my full support on every add on they make. Awesome update It would be absolutely perfect if you could add a full screen preview of the picture option before saving (in landscape orientation too). The features all work well and are worth the IAP. Love it so much Did a simple and very small perspective adjustment and it shrunk the file size from 4MB to 600KB. Not sure if I'm missing anything but this degrade s photo quality. I love the concept of this app. The only problem is whenever I import, it just shows up blank. No image at all. It happens most of the time. Frustrating. Great app, one of the best here in playstore plus great support team ..kudos !! Definitely the best photo editing app on the market. With all the unique features will make you look the mobile photography on a different level. Since I discovered this app my hands are always on the camera. Again new in-app purchase for functionally 4PNTS Even though you've made us pay for this and mrrw you're going to make us pay more? Love it! I don't know what else to say. I've been using it for my photography. Loved it Just as they say it. I've used this app a lot and have to say its brilliant. I have made amazing pics out of photos I probably would have deleted. To those complaining...... Just watch the tutorials! I love it until I realize that it scales down the photo resolution after saving. Sad. Comprei, gastei dinheiro atoa, APP não faz nada demais, muitos outros apps gratuitos fazem muito mais do que esse, vale nada isso, lixo There is no point in buying this app, all you can do is turn the picture different ways... Stupid Hi this app doesn't work on jelly bean. Image doesn't shows up. Please work with the issue because this app looks promising. - edit hi still the image is not showing up when editing. Ul is not pretty enough, endless scrolling panel is annoying. Upd: In my export dialog only 'Send to Instagram' I see. For example, VSCO or Snapseed UI's is enough pretty. But the lower button is thin and should offer crop 4:3 or 3:4 Jajajajajajaja I've seen your tutorials in YouTube but the gopro function is not the same as the iOS one. It distorts the image in the opposite side. Hope you fix this. Thanks! As a filmmaker myself, I am addicted using this. Very good. Only thing I wish it would have is the ability to edit one of the reflection in MRRW. Maybe blurring it, or change the color, or using skrwt on one of thw reflection. Really a nice app. Works quickly and allows you to fix the symmetry in your photos. I would like to see more material design rather than an iOS port, however the design is clean and easy to use. Fun app It does "nothing" significant. :) ...in only a week! In that time it now can access Google photos, and now works with my older S4 (already worked great with Nexus 7). Five stars, well deserved. Sangat puas!! Great app. But can you make it so that when u hold down the picture to compare to original it keeps it zoomed. It's hard to compare something u zoom in on when it zooms out to the full image. Thanks. Takes a few tries to learn how it works. Google Photos can be use as a backend. A "magic" button would be nice. I really like the editing tools, but after watching the tutorial am really anxious for the mirroring feature.                   After the addition of MRRW earlier this week this app is amazing! Useless. Gotten better performance from free apps what it does really cool, however was expecting more editing tools. got a refund And it was WORTH IT Purchased and refund. Don't see the point of using this app Keep up the good work guys You should be able to layer and add more than one photo in a photo. Absolutely amazing! Gorgeous results! It's magic Great app, not only for photo correction, but linked with MRRW is cool for generating creative ideas. I'd like to know what the "merging" button does though. Can't figure that one out. Hmm... Where is the in app purchase fur the new app located? 5 out of 5 best app of 2016 Can't wait to get MRRW.  Great job! So far so good. Once MRRW comes and I learn to use app better, I will know. I click on the app then on the camera and it just brings up the stock camera. Nothing new Owner Restorative Arts Been using this app for a few days and so far it is working as described.  Easy to use and very functional.  FYI, I have  been doing photography for many years and consider myself an advanced amateur not quite a professional. Literally have no words to say other than how immaculately this is made. Has improved my mobile photography be a hundred fold. Thank you for the new photography experience. Must download app! Worth the purchase! The app that always took me back to iPhone. Now that it's available on Android my life is complete. Great work! This is truly "The missing link in high end mobile photography". The store is full of photo editing apps that do nothing but add filters, but this app is the only app that can actually tune the image and change its perspective. Photography is all about perspective. Well done. Works like a dream with my phantom vision 2+. Awesome App!! Best photo app on the market! This app is one of its kind, features I haven't found consolidated in a single app anywhere else. The addition of cloud services such as Google photos has made it a lot easier to edit photos from my cloud. The only, tiny, criticism I have is about the app icon, it looks very out of place on lollipop/marshmallow...almost like it came from iOS. :-\ I was just informed today that lens distortion is the reason your face looks so much weirder in pictures than it does in the mirror. I immediately looked for a fix and found this! I've been editing old awkward Facebook photos and my self-esteem is seriously uplifted by this app. I am a photographer and and I needed this app.  I just tried it on one photo and it's very very good. Fast,  no bugs and cheap. Money well spent. This was my first app I paid for and guess what it doesn't get downloaded at all. Thank you so much. Must have app for any photo enthusiast. It doesn't work.  Freezes every time Pretty nice toolset, but almost impossible to use on a landscape tablet (like the Pixel C) because the UI is forced in portrait mode. Very useful. Best of the best Had been waiting for this app to come to Android since I learned about it, mainly to de-fish without PC. Only had  a few minutes with it and Wow! Very intuitive and effective. From camera to tablet via Wi-Fi or share from Google photos gallery directly to Skrwt, open corrected image in Snapseed from within app, or over to Gallery or any online platform! This is what it was meant to be like, and now it is, thanks again :) 0.99$ and in-app purchases Ridiculous Functionality is good, and when I hit an issue with the back button the developers responded quickly, and there was an update before I knew it! Thank you No labels to explain what's what, or a tutorial. Could be better. I've refunding for the time being, will revisit in future to see if any improvements have come along. Very handy for those who are obsessed with symmetry. Can help you compose your picture properly. Clean UI and great overall design. Very good beginning! If you're enthusiastic about smartphone photography, you need this! Fixes the distortion caused by short focal length. Great UI, very functional. Recommended! did not import picture in multiple tries,  app closed thereafter Very powerful tool. Edit interface is great but initial screen is unnecessary. Start off viewing main camera folder with hamburger menu to choose camera or other folders. Get us to work faster. Add setting to choose default start view (such as camera or other folder). Eager for more material design and cloud options (specifically Google photos) as another user suggested. Has a lot of really good features, but this should really be able to access your google photos natively.  Android is positioning itself to offload more and more of its data to the cloud and it's disappointing that photos on gphotos cannot be accessed without being downloaded first.  (this is something that developers can use from the native photo interface browser) I like it ! It's the perfect app for perfect pictures - finally it made it from ios to android Finally! &lt;3 perspective correction app that you've been waiting for! ⭐⭐⭐PLEASE SHOW NUMBER OF CHARACTERS IN ANSWER AFTER QUESTION.⭐⭐⭐ EG. 4-6 (hyphenated word), 6 (single word), 1.1.1 (acronym).??? Reinstalled on new Android tablet. It remembered the volumes I purchased, but did not remember that I had solved them. Now the home screen is cluttered with volumes waiting to be solved. Just a small nit. Great fun. Some challenging. Some easy. I had problems with the app (it wouldn't open) I cleared the app cache & it started working again. I love these puzzles! I've been doing these for years & had to give them up after 2 surgeries on my right hand (I can't write very long anymore) Penny press is my favorite thank you! Now that I can get them on my phone I can finally do them again. The price for the volumes is very reasonable. (Almost half the cost when ordered by mail). I hope you keep them coming I do lots of them! fun. i play the daily puzzle every day Challenging but fun enjoy doing games with extra time on hands. I enjoy these acrostics! Good mix of puzzles. The ads are not intrusive. I love acrostics, and this has several levels of difficulty. So much fun! Good mental workout without the constant pressure to empty your wallet! I would give 5 stars, but it would be nice to be able to go back into the puzzle to see all of the answers. Also, it seems odd that I have to exit the game to get the next group of puzzles. But otherwise, very well done and fun to play. A challenge that goes deeper than crosswords... The interface is easy while the puzzles can be hard. Relaxing and addictive!!! Fun way to learn new things These are good and challenging!! I have always loved acrostics! Worth the two bucks. Some of the starter puzzles nastily hard, but overall a good mix. Play with the display to get your preferred version- mine is having the key visible in the middle. Great puzzles! Love that you can go easiest to hardest, and the variety of puzzles available. Great way fo challenge myself and pass time. Too hard, I play to relax. Too expensive. Still hooked on Acrostics . Best puzzles ever! Challenging but fun. Really works the brain Great fun. A few puzzles are too big to fit on the screen when keyboard is open. The interface is easy to use. I really like the mixture of easy and hard puzzles. Absolutely amazing the thought put into developing this. Best game ever. Fun puzzles to keep you busy! In four words.. Lo_e th_s fu_ _in' g_me... AWESOME.... Congrats!!!!!! CynAcrostics volume 5 came out in print. I hope to see it become available in the app soon. There's a good range of puzzle difficulty in the starter pack, but the extra puzzle packs after the initial 4 (for a total of 40 puzzles) can be a bit too steep. Great Puzzle Fun! Good change of pace for those who like crosswords. They vary from not to tough to fairly difficult, depending on your experience. As a 63 year old life long crossword fan, they are challenging enough for most. Not so simple that they aren't fun while not being impossible to solve. One of my favorite apps. acrostics are my fave, and this app rocks! love them. need infinite amounts of them. please. I love this app! So much more fun than plain crosswords, in my opinion. Wish the additional packages weren't so expensive :( I really enjoy acrostics. Finally found one in the app store. Awesome! I've always been addicted to acrostics! more puzzles would be great! the customer service was fast and very friendly with helping me get a refund on this game. the only reason i didnt like this game is because it was different from the ones in the brain games book. also im not good at crossword type puzzle clues. good puzzles, good interface Enjoyable puzzle game with samples at various difficulties. overall fun and well done. wish there were more free puzzles but I enjoy it awesome! this app is pretty good if you enjoy acrostics but is hard to work with on a phone screen. acrostics need more room. if you have a tablet it would probably be much better. The game works really well, and if you ever have any issues, their support team is amazing and super responsive! Erasing errors count as hints. Sorry... I can't leave a review right now, I am too busy being addicted to this amazing acrostics crossword puzzle app. Go away now... I'm trying to figure out if "tinhorn" is actually a word and if it fits this definition..... Terrific game. I enjoy learning while I play. Cyn Morris really knows her business! One of my favorite puzzle styles, with an interface that produces easy play. Given good puzzle sources, this should be a winner. It's great! Not much ads as well. No surprise so many 5 stars ratings. The devs are *right on it* with the tiniest suggestion for improvement. Emails have been answered at 2 in the morning. --I've loved all these games in mags for decades, but they are so much better electronically. No wasted time erasing or filling in squares. This is the only dev mags like Penny Press/ Dell will license to present their puzzles as an app, because of their super high standards. $2.99 each for new volumes is cheap for hours of fun. Too hard to enjoy. Pretty good with just enough difficulty. I love puzzle games. Puzzles are challanging. Great app, challenging acrostics. My favorites are from Acrostica; I have a large vocabulary, so it's an unexpected pleasure to find as many as eight words I've never seen in a single Acrostica puzzle. The only good acrostic app there is. Love the themed puzzles. It makes them more solvable. Keep releasing new puzzles. Addictive fun for the literati, could use some tweaking of the controls and  options for how the letters are highlighted, but it is great now and can  only get better... It is challenging but fun. This is the first acrostic app I've ever found and it's great fun. No  complaints from me! Good time killer Boring... I like the back and forth of acrostics. The only user interface annoyance  is that the letter insertion point in the clues is fixed once clicked. As  one scrolls through the clues, however, this spot is no longer visible and  new typed letters go there, and not on the visible clue. Simple UI fix?:  move the insertion point to the first unassigned letter on the topmost  visible clue. Bad set up and interface, sorry but too bad to be true. Love it interface is painful It does not work, just force stopped everytime pfffft. useless. Very good app. Only enjoyed the pennypress ones though. Kind of  disappointed there were only 10 that came with purchasing the app. Having fun. Good mix of easy to hard puzzles. A wide range of third-party acrostic puzzles in a framework that that works  well, even on a small phone screen. The developers are very responsive to  bug reports and user suggestions. No subscription puzzles but I'll be  asking them to consider adding the NYT for those of us who subscribe. I enjoy the puzzles. But the keyboard needs left and right arrow keys, for  skipping or backing up spaces. And it would be nice if it could skip filled  spaces, like Shortyz crosswords does. My favorite word puzzle app.  Best medium I've found for solving acrostic puzzles.  Highly recommended! I'd like the option to view author and title but still a good challenge. Good game. I have been doing acrostics for many years.  I love being able to take them with me wherever I go.  There is a great selection of puzzles of varying difficulty.  I only wish that new puzzles came out on a regular basis.  The puzzle prices are reasonable. Love this game. Even when you have to look up a lot of clues, you learn things. It's so much fun to work the quote to help you get the bottom part, sometimes a lot of guess work. Just bought this app and there is not one free puzzle to play? Just learned how to play acrostics game, thanks for making this game available on Android, stress buster to keep someone busy. Why is there a cost for this app if you only get a limited amount of puzzles and then have to pay for more puzzles? Best acrostic app. Too bad you have to pay to get new puzzles. Awesome! Looking for this a long time got addicted to this game but sometimes it is too hard because i m not a native I have grown to love this type  of word game, even tho a lot of these clues were very hard and had to be looked up on the internet. Best acrostic app so far. But why are additional  games so Expensive? I love these games!!  Just need to improve the split screen interface for use on cell phone and maybe add option to see first letter of clues or see puzzle name and author for more novice users.  But the earse error function is good for that.  Keep em coming!! A great way to exercise the mind and while away the time.  Thank you for letting us experience this app for free. Never done Acrostic puzzles before. This was the best paid app I've ever gotten for free. Thanks! Usually one of the first puzzles I turn to in a puzzle magazine.  Really nice to have in Android form! Thank you for the free download! Fantastic cross word game for those requiring the old school feeling without the paper based mess. This was available as a paid game gone free. Installed to find that there were no free puzzles packs available. All packs are paid. It's like a gun without any cartridges Very entertaining. Highly entertaining and addictive for those who enjoy challenging word games. Love it! Could use a "show errors" type control. Fun! After buying additional puzzles..it keeps freezing up..can't even complete a puzzle without it locking up..tried updates...didnt help I really love acrostics. These are the first I've done online and I'm hooked! They are addictive, challenging and fun. Incredibly satisfying to complete these puzzles!  Enough to keep you going for a bit until you need to buy more puzzles, and the layout and features are fun to use.  I'm addicted! Love it! Wish they gave you more freebie puzzles though. Either I just don't like acrostics, or these are particularly badly created ones. Person who voiced Steve McQueen from cars? Is this a test of my ability to Google? The app is designed nicely, and the puzzles are engaging. The add-on puzzles are expensive, as apps go, and no indication is given of how many additional puzzles are in the packs! Great game with clean interface. Really like it. Glad there are more puzzle options now. I really enjoy acrostics! They are probably my favorite puzzles and these are fun and challenging without being frustrating. Very addictive Glad I got the app. Don't usually buy games but love acrostics. This is a great way to pass the time. Always love my puzzle books and these are a fav.  Very cool to do on my phone.  Thanks! I have always loved this game and I'm really glad I found it, the puzzles you offer are fun and not too difficult, I'm liking all the features you have, please add more games!!! Great puzzles that make you think! Please add a setting to skip already filled blocks. Would make it easier to fill both words in the grid and definitions. W Challenging, but workable. Endless, free hints! Didn't like the sample pack and found it a bit pricey to have to immediately pay again to get my favourite penny puzzles but great fun nonetheless! I really can't recommend Egghead Games enough. Acrostics are fun puzzles and this app is great. The app has lots of options but is very intuitive and well laid-out. You can control sounds within the app, select different puzzle layouts for difficulty/preference, and even change font sizes. Every app has a guide both for using the app and doing the puzzle. Egghead apps NEVER ask for phone permissions for things they don't need, such as location, speaker/mic/camera, or contacts access, you don't need a social media account to play, and you don't need to connect anything to get any perks. I wish more devs would follow their example but I'm overjoyed they do business this way. I found some errors in the Acrostica starter pack and let them know about it; customer service is impeccable. Mike M. took my input and made it right. Their apps are usually perfect and on the off chance something isn't, they fix it! Lots of fun for less than the price of a coffee, you'd think they'd charge more! I do crostics all the time on paper, now I can take them anywhere with me! I had a blast with this game for a couple weeks but it stopped loading about a week ago. It won't load at all. Help? Handled complex agency appeals. Wrote the agency's published opinions and orders. This app appeals to my puzzle solving interests. It is fun, features interesting quotes, but could be more challenging. This app went from nearly unplayable on my tablet to my new favorite.  Can't wait to see what is next. A bit awkward but still fun After first install, app didn't work properly on my samsung 10.1 notebook. I posted a disappointing review and was contacted by the app owner/developer quickly who rapidly worked with me to resolve the issues in test mode. Everything works great now with the new upgrade! Love these acrostic puzzles.  Excellent customer service!! Highly recommend Egghead Games. Best of all I get to do these electronically rather than purchasing individual puzzle magazines! Very convenient! I love this app. I can work Anacrostics wherever I go, and the developers keep rolling out improvements! Thanks for making me feel like my opinion is valid! I may be in the minority, but I liked the old keyboard a LOT better. You get 50 free puzzles which are well done and worth the download for that reason, but while I understand the concept of paying for games, 84 dollars seems a bit much for the full version. That's quite an annoying main menu screen. We should at least have an option to remove the rest of this long list of 28 add-on 2.99 volumes if we buy one volume.  Also there seems to be no way to do the early puzzles again to try and get higher star rankings without deleting progress on all 50 at once. Many nice features. Love the erase errors options. Just challenging enough to stay interesting. Well done! Have recommend to other puzzle lovers. Very addicting, and fun to play whenever you have 5 minutes or 5 hours! Virtually no errors in the clues of the first couple hundred puzzles, and a decent level of literacy: some basic notions of foreign languages help, and there aren't too many sports surnames as clues. The texts excerpted range from Plato to self-help  (more of the latter). These are the absolutely best. Well done, with hints and ability to erase errors... This app has spoiled me for paper acrostics. Sometimes have to hit the letters a few times, but otherwise fun. I love acrostics and these have afforded me many hours of pleasure Would like it to sync between devices? It is really slow. Very nice - I love acrostics and these are great. Tapping to enter letters can be frustrating, though I love acrostics, they combine two other puzzle types I love: cryptograms and crosswords. These are challenging enough to not be boring, but not so impossible so as to be too frustrating to do. Totally worth the small cost - it's much cheaper than buying the same amount of puzzles in a book or magazine. If you love acrostics you will enjoy this app. I spend hours at a time doing these! Puzzles are interesting, in fact, I read a new book because of one of them. The process works like clockwork. Terrific App! There are certain word puzzles that I love and this is one of them. I have kept checking and finally this one popped up. I am throughly enjoying it and looking forward to many more hours of pleasure. Well done! It can take a few taps to make entries but otherwise very fun Very disappointed. Not for beginners - though it's nice that they have hints I wish there was an option to keep words from wrapping from one line to the next. Other than that, great app. Love this app! These games are actually challenging (sorta on par with Dell puzzle mags), unlike most of the freebies so it's worth it for me, tho I agree with other reviewers that so much shouldn't be charged for subsequent vols. I also don't really care for the timer and the rating of "very slow" I am greeted with at the completion of every puzzle. I'm not in a race; I work them at my leisure. I really love acrostics...I just wish I didn't have to pay $2.99 every time I wanted to get more. I think if you pay $2.99 for the first 50 puzzles, it should be cheaper for the ones after that. Very addicting! Enjoyed puzzles. Interface way better than competitor.  More, please! Great app for anyone that is a fan of word games It's just like the books I used to order from Penny Press, with some added advantages including deleting all mistakes and hints.  The puzzles have difficulty ratings so you can choose a quick one or spend some time working your brain.  Fun! A great way for word nerds to pass the time. Especially good for trips. Its bad enough that they charge you for the app when its available to play on line for free but everytime I try to click on a link it crashes. I can't even go to the site to buy more puzzles (again its free to play online). So now that I have solved the 50 puzzles that it came with, the apps is completely useless to me and a royal waste of money. Love this game!  Very easy and customizable interface, free hints, ability to undo and even erase all errors in the puzzle. And the best thing is you can erase the records and start over to improve your score!  I highly recommend this terrific game app. A liitle pricey. I don't mind paying 2.99 for the first set but subsequent sets should be less. Also, would like option to play without timer. I play these games to relax. But one time I did beat the Expert score and only rated Average. What's up with that? The puzzles I have tried so far are pretty good, but I can't tell much difference between the difficulty levels.   I wish the puzzles were longer like the ones in the Penny mags.   The interface is frustrating, it's hard to choose a particular square, it often takes several presses before it registers a touch. There should be an option to skip completed squares when entering letters.   I will keep playing and hope for interface improvements from the author. I luv Acrostics. Good job! Enjoying these crostics. They are a little more challenging than I'm used to, but at least there's no penalty when I need to use a hint. A little on the difficult side but then I like a challenge. Good game. Game isn't too easy or too hard. Love the automatic fill in when u add to either the quote or the clues. Easier to change positions on tablet screen than on phone. Biggest flaw: having to repeatedly tap keys to keep going I like the app but can't give it a 5 star rating because I can't review the puzzle once its complete and it contiually rates my speed as "very slow". Seriously, who are all these people who can do a puzzle in 10 minutes!  Update: something is definitely messed up with the timing bell curve. I finished a puzzle 24 seconds longer than my husband, I used zero hints and he used 127 hints, he gets an average rating and I get very slow! Lots of entertainment. Only problem I have with it is that the acrostics tend to be a bit easy. It's pretty good I love doing these types of puzzles in the sunday paper.  Now I can do it anytime.  Great app! I have completed 2 volumes, or 100 puzzles  everything is 1-3 stars, I am assuming on a difficulty scale of 1-5. Some repeat clues show up and it's pretty lame to rely on Roman numerals for filler. But I downloaded volume 3 so it can't be all bad ;-) Puzzles are challenging, app works great. Fabulous work on the interface. This makes puzzling on paper obsolete! I love that you can buy more levels - I hope the developers continue to add more puzzles, as I will keep buying! Have thoroughly enjoyed these anachrostics and will continue to purchase as long as there are new puzzles available. Fun way to challenge your brain. Nicely done app.  I would recommend it to any word puzzle geeks like myself. Great app! This is a great app. Interesting solutions. Good clues. Good use of solving words. Down to earth. Not outlandish or silly. Good fun. I've been hoping a developer would produce an anacrostic app...and I'm so happy this Saturday morning to find  one. An acrostic starts with a quote, with the letters rearranged into a series of clued words. The clues and quotes are excellent, and 50 acrostics come with the starting set. More packs of 50 are available. Very well done. I like it. Geil aber ich hätte gerne eine Soldaten schick Option Needs work on the P20 lite version, it's so laggy that it's unplayable Excelente. Simples e empolgante aí mesmo tempo. Parecido al WAR, mas bem mais dinâmico e com algumas variáveis que o fazem bem interessante Definitely should be 1$ not 2$ because there is heavy lag some times. One time I was in alliance with everyone but then Iran left and declared war. I wanted them back as Allie but when I tried to make peace my whole alliance left me. Then they declared war on me so I got screwed over because of Iran. Please fix this stuff It costed me my whole 3 hour game. Also before this I screwed Iran over but then I have them a million dollars to get out of it but Iran declared war anyways. Nice game. This game is really fun and challenging. I love trying to get all of the Achievements for every country right now so wish me luck. Its great but I wish there was more province's Addicting and great strategy game. Laggy and doesnt work well refund? One of my favorite games. A few bug fixes may be in order. As for the fps it could definitely be improved. I think the smoothing mechanic fixed it but I have to tap the screen a few times to get it to work. Besides that it's a fantastic game. Well done! 👍 Today it's bin very laggy Highly entertaining! For a few bucks it's a good game. A few misspelled words and glitches but nothing worth griping about. I'm confused. On normal difficulty, I cannot get past a handful of turns without falling victim to a lack of currency. I'll own a few provinces and only get a few hundred coin, which means I can't build up my army. Neighboring nations swamp me with massive armies right off the bat. Every time. The tutorial did not reach me how to produce more currency. I'm lost and lose every time, no matter what strategy I choose. One of the best simple strategy games for mobile. There is 1 big problem, when you zoom in or out on the map, there is a stop motion and time delay that only can be fixed by restarting the game. Some of the territories are very small, and the zoom function doesn't work. Please fix this...on all the AoC games. good Game is esentially Risk, but with diplomacy and fortification. It's a perfect blend of familiar and new, as well as being easy to learn but hard to master. If you like Risk style games or just like grand strategy in general I would recommend giving this game a go. this game is broken in sandbox lets go 2 billion troops It keeps deleting my games on it This game feels like a real life political war I love it Game plays by seperate rules than you play by, So nope The game just bugs out when you zoom in. Only like age of civilizations 2 Has a bug where you go to load a saved sandbox game and it says (error game deleted). Please fix this In I WANT A REFUND CUZ THIS IS TRASH WHY IS THERE NO SWISS OR ANY NEUTRAL COUNTRY I HATE IT REASON WHY WHEN I IGNORE PACTS THEY DALARE WAR ON ME I would give it 5 stars but theres a major bug in the game when i start a new game and zoom in. my performance just goes down to 7 frames Please fix this can't play the game , waste my money Great game I've loved this game for a while. Easy game. Be patient with it. Would recommend u at least try It's a good game A good time killer I hate it Simpler than others in the genre the game takes time to learn. The others comments are just bad players, don't go to war too soon. Put all the money in research, then only farm and workshop in areas you have conconqured, then assimilate before you move on. Pay others to help you in battle, and only build up a big army when you send an ultimatum. Don't declare wars, but remember to disband the army. Thrice now I have very nearly conquered the planet. But save corrupts. Diplomacy fails first. Actually good. Would be 5 stars but they haven't added any new maps or scenarios Eh its not as good as i thought it was, not really as good as Africa Used to be great, nowadays the game runs more slowly and is draining the battery faster than the second game. Not bad, but could definitely be improved. Lots to like about this simple concept that really tests you. Really like the interface too. A modern look that is easy to read even though quite small on my LG G3. The only minor gripes I have is that even zoomed in full, I sometimes have trouble selecting the country I want particularly in crowded Europe. The other is that, again in Europe, it can get really crowded with numbers and a bit difficult to know who's where. These are very minor issues with a very good game. Love this game! It would be awesome if we could play on multiplayer. Unidentified man ever again is a greatest man ever Fun game. Couple things to adress, 1. Russia on any map with it is way to overpowered and takes away most hard or impossible world conquests from ever happening. 2. Ik its not the most pressuring issue but when I zoom out my game gets really laggy could be just me but some of these other ratings have the same complaint. Horrible Premium turn based strategy conquer game. Pretty simple but I've spent hours playing. I love it UwU Love both the games. FIX. THE. BUGS. This is a turn base game you're able to negotiate and make allies can you plese mack anthor game pels Better than expected, definitely is worth .99... sorry if you don't how to play Great game simple but very fun Great game but I want to learn how scoring works. I love this game plus fan of developers Good, but make the AI send their troopz out at sea more often. It a good and sample game Grub gud gud gud Great strategy game plenty of different ways to play also the controls are easy to use. Good game. Many features in the game simply do not work. Stop deleting my scenarios. 5 stars if fix. Android Phones need Map Editor Pretty good offline game when bored. However, zooming in drops my frames drastically. Terrible, how do you expect people to play a game that's nearly impossible to master. If this game ever got shutdown in this year, the date should be a holiday. This is so good!! Definitely recommend. Why is there no ww1 scenario? I used to love this game. I played it a lot on my Huawei P8 and it was amazing. After switching to the Google pixel 2XL (which is a much better phone then my old phone) the game has been lagging a lot. Not sure why and if there is a fix for this then I would easily rate this game 5 stars Interesante, algo difícil de jugar, pero muy entretenido It' s a awsome game Too easy and repetitive Amazing game but needs AI only mode where you just spectate and more scenarios. I paid for this game and am unhappy. The playstore refuses to let me have a refund and i demand one now. I press refund and I didn't get my money back this is stupid It is lagging ridiculously on Huawei Mate 20 Lite. That's a shame, because I loved the game on my older phone. Would recommend. Great time killer. Litraly can spend hours playing non stop without getting board. Not great if you've somewhere to be. Learning curve is a bit steap so would recommend starting on easy for the first few tries. After you get the knack it's pretty easy flowing even on hard. Some people have complained that progress isn't saved if you have to stop and come back. After quite a few games I can say the worst its been is one round of moves. Very good 👍l Does not save game properly, very frustrating when you lose hours of progress with no fix. Its a shame as it is a good game, will be requesting for a refund. Is there a recent tutorial for this game? I have played it for a couple of days and still have no clue as to what I'm doing, lol. Please help! I love this game because I can be USA 😍 Too hard even at easy level Perfect time waster and a lot of fun, hope they release more maps Its super laggy on my phone You game keeps deleting my data and when ever i zoom in it slows the game other then that i like please update this. Love it, I can play this game for days and this is a mobile game This is a simple yet good game Love it Perfect my Chicken Nuggets Great light TBS wargame. Has very light diplomacy options too. The AI doesn't send it's troops to sea that often, which could be a future improvement. Surgical incursions to take major ports and fortifications are satisfying - especially taking the capital. Thanks for this simple but engaging game. Love the game, but I have a few problems. First, I wish I could upload a flag for when I create my civilization. I also think it would be cool if the Holy Roman Emperor could have the option of being able to add to the HRE, or if you could change a civilization's flag during a game. Finally, my biggest problem is that I can't delete scenarios or civilizations I created and I can't add new provinces because I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab A. Other than that, this game was well worth the wait. Thanks! I love this game, but I wish they had more options that automatically filled up the map, and I wish they had more maps, but overall a great game This game is ok. The 1914 alliance system does not work!!!! Another things is nations rarely make alliances with each other, and with you. They typically go on a free for all. Not realistic in that regard. The game is impossible to win on hard+, the A.I gets too powerful way to fast, they can raise a 100k army in like 10 moves, horribly balanced!!! I would expect this in the free verion, but this is a PREMIUM GAME! If the problems are fixed then, and only then is this game worth your money. It did not give me my refund back. When I deleted it. UI is terrible, controls are clunky, it feels like it should be free, not 2 dollars Extremely laggy and also there should be cold war full map! Lag. Its a fun game but when i get high turns and go to reload the game it deletes,please fix this The game is good. But afteer zooming it's always lagging for some reason. And i believe it wasn't hardware issue since this is a fairly light game Gra świetna, gram w nią co jakiś czas, ale dlaczego po przesiadce na dużo lepszy, szybszy telefon, mam z 10-15fps? Dokładnie HUAWEI P Smart 2018. Gra aktualnie w takim stanie jest niegrywalna, co dziwne, na starym sprzęcie miałem bardzo płynną rozgrywkę. Od niedawna są problemy z płynnością Meh The game isn't optimized on newer versions of Android, it works fine if you don't zoom in/out of the map. The game lags horribly if you try to zoom in/out of the map. Otherwise fun game if it weren't so buggy. Nice. Awesome I have played this game for two months now, l and I can tell you this is an excellent game. Indeed AoC does have a few bugs, though I do enjoy it very much. I absolutely love the game. And I can't wait to download AoC 2 (when I have compatible phone version). Too easy No sound. I believe sound is crucial. Best strategy game! OK, But This Game Is Still Laggy In My Device. Even I Set It To Lowest Setting (Graphics Settings). I Have 2GB Ram Devices With Octa Core Processor (8× ARM Cortex A53 @2.00GHz). GPU: PowerVr Rogue GE8320. Chipset: mt6765. Also My Storage Is Sufficient Enough. Why This Is Happen?? 😵 Noice Nothing but looking at a map 😠 Excellent strategy game. Easy to use but not over simplified, lots of territories so games last, different scenarios so you can vary the games definitely worth the install I get lag sometimes, it has some bugs. For example for no reason at all randomly my alliance will turn on me with no notice or notification. It says we are at war but they dont attack me. Its odd. However the game is great and I recommend it. This game is super slow! I got the free version to try it out. Enjoyed it. Paid for full version. Even better. Unfortunately I had to uninstall as I didn't have the space. Not games fault. Old phone with small storage. To the people who hate the game. get pc and buy aoc2 on steam! Its much better. Its so good I cant say the rigth words, and ots updated all of the time! One of the best games on steam! Trash Way under rated game, I cant believe a single developer made this. Very good stradegy game and gives a lot of diversity with different nations Had this game in the past and it ran fine, zooming and panning around you get around barely 10 fps. Waste of 2 bucks tbh. So the game, even on easy, is much harder than it should be. I chose to start as Korea, and before I could even make a move I was wiped out. I was trying to forge an alliance, but China just stepped in and in 2 moves killed me. Didn't even get a chance to see what the game was like or anything. It is very unbalanced, and I'd much rather play one of the age games or civ compared to this garbage. It's not worth more than 1.99 that the game costs. In fact it's probably worth less. I really like the game, but it somehow runs slow on my Galaxy A50 when it was perfectly fine on my Motorola, which was a lot worse. Any help with this? Very good game ive played since the first it came out and it still is just as good as it was before! Thank you for a great game! Trash. Russia Always wins. Było dobrze, od niedawna gra zacina się nawet na nowych telefonach. its a cool game i play when im board i would give is 💯 stars but i cant anyway this game is awsome! 🇩🇪 I love civ games please work on it more. how can make more like original civ but on our phones bro. and add player 1v1 or 2v2 tournaments I don't I spent 8$ to thank you and keep going make it more. I ran into a very annoying problem. after conquering a province, they insist negotiating to be freed. it is very annoying to decline this offer every turn. specially I have to wait for my population to be above minority to assimilate. Perfect strategy game that never gets boring. I have been having a hard time with the game running. when I open up a match the framerate drops and if I zoom in or out it crashes Can u pls put AOC americas on sale pls Hated this game good old days Game Crash in multiple devices, not working on one of my phones - samsung core 4 but working perfectly on pc or samsung s9,8. Pedfect game, interesting, Cyw 2 is even Better :) I wish better performance (Not collapsed game). The gameplay is easy to learn, you expand your own territory by making war or creating alliances with other countries, yet some countries are just plain harder to win with than others. The two main maps are also well designed. This game could earn five stars if not for some optimization issues. However AOC is easily one of the best strategy series I've ever played on mobile. if eu4 is cocaine age of civilization is like cough syrup simple and possibly the best time killers out there for a strategy game. been one of my favorite strategy games so far. i love the gane but i cant play it anymore because it just is so laggy and wont move at all this makes it were i cannot move at all fix please can you add ideoligys, Industry and military facotrys etc.? also add a option where you make a custom scenorial where I do the Usa civil war.also in custom scenorial add Custom contry, with custom flag. Very Good Game 1 times of 100 it wont save your game. Great game, really fun too much lag little laggy but that's probably just my phone. love this game no matter what though Worst developer ever. After parchasing the game, I noticed that the games lags a lot in my device. So I wanted the refund but the refund option is nowhere. it was a good game but now no matter what I do the camera view speed is so slow that the game is unplayable... fun. you guys should improve the game so it could be better Excellent interface, plays smoothly, and supports online play. Worth every penny! Graphics are the best,very easy on hard,Sandbox mode is a great thing that got into Age of Civilization M.B, June 22nd 2019 10/10 favourite game, shame there's not many up dates it's a good game but you can also add scenarios and make the European map actually look like the European map I wouldn't say this a waste of money it's a good game five stars Very simple, but yet it is one of the best strategies for Android. Didn't get it. This game is really awesome, Ive been playing it for a few years. This time when I wanted to play it wasnt possible, so many lags ans it ran on like 5 fps. I would like if the states and Provences were more broken up. hearts of iron is a good game for example develop the game like that and it will be investment well spend Bulgaria? good game but lost the ability to save the game. to bad i wasted my money on it though. paid $2.20 for this game...will not download...can you please return my $2.20..giving 1 star because it will not download good the gameplay is simple, but challenging but it could get boring, so please add new maps epic I really like the game but when my tablet updated the game decided that every time I zoomed out or in it would cause serious lag and wouldn't ever stop I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the game but that didn't work so can you fix this. Apart from that really good game OK this glitch always happens when I'm playing this game, what happens is one of the AI leave my faction and then ask for peace, once I agree, I'm kicked out of the faction but the faction still exists, then they try to kill me, this only happens when I form the faction and it's super annoying even if I'm playing sandbox,, plz fix where is Malaysia ???? the numbers are soooo big...it makes it harder to concentrate on the map love the demo but when i did buy the full version it seemed to be very laggy and hard to move around. hopefully yall fix this up while a great game, the lag while trying to play unfortunately makes the game unplayable Bought the game, but always runs at 2 fps everytime I run it. Using an Alcatel Android. Please fix. Build buttons don't work and make the game unplayable. I want a refund. fun and time consuming I give all of your games 5 stars I've been playing these games forever and they are always fun to play I'm looking forward to playing aoc 2 soon i want money back, its just not exciting My game lags to much I've play Age of Civilization (1&2 on both mobile and pc) for awhile. Have my doubt at first but this game is well made (even more impressed because of 1 man army thing). I love the game, so here's my constructive criticism about AoC 1 mobile: - It would be nice if there are option to make the text larger (mostly on text about army, diplomatic,etc.) - It is a litte bit lagging when i zoom in maximum on map. Overall it is a nice game and I would love to see more of your works.Thank you, developer bad - the AI knows your moves and wins hands down every time. I would give 5 stars but it lags when I zoom in I hope you guys can fix it very good game. However do you plan on adding any more maps? If you have no idea on what other maps to add then you could add proxima b or gleise 581 G. This is the best mobile stratagy i've ever played and the amount of stuff you can do in just 1 game is brillient. I have a request, the addition of cities or a 1800s game mode. challenging and satisfying This game is a short and sweet version of risk, and i personally recommend it to everyone who loves strategy! If you haven't played the sequal do that its everything great about this game and then some! its great Pretty good, but in some scenarios the "3 turn without capitol" rule doesn't seem to work correctly. I like the game and it is fun, but only for a while. What would be fun is a multiplayer mode. I would also be cool to be able to create your own civilization with it's own territory and population, and when you vassal a country, you should get to decide the territory and how it interacts, and be able to create alliances with names and a funtion, and send or request military help from another country. I hope the devs read this review, but they probably won't. I don't know what happened to this game. I bought it one year ago and had great fun. It was simple yet challenging and a few days ago I decided to reinstall it. And it cannot. Stop. Lagging. It freezes every 2 seconds. This isn't my devices fault, I can run tons of other more high spec games, and have 5gb left. It's a pity since I paid a few euro for this game. this is really good game This game is amazing if you like strategy games. There are so many game modes and countries you can do anything you want. I highly suggest this game. very good game but it doesnt save and the loads fail even though it was saved Time killer and love it I enjoy it but more options for economic and political runs would be great. a-bombs and unions would make my day Don't need to be online to play, therefore a battery saver. Great game, play at own pace, autosaves. No ads. longest game of mine took over 5 days and over 160 turns. Just saw AoC2, i hope it's as good as this The game in my point of view is great worth the minuscule amount of money asked. one thing that would be really cool would be some type of multiplayer on or offline. Bottom line: I would get a refund for this game if I could. The strategy distills down to one objective: gain the most territory you can - every single turn. No amount of feinting, fortification, all-out capital assault, or anything else can overcome the overwhelming numbers the AI can throw at you once they gain a territorial advantage. Attacking is bugged (moving into the same new territory as another neutral nation will start a war rather than cancel the move), and pacts/alliances are random. amazing game for its simplicity Sadly it is poorly optimised for my HTC U12+. Nevertheless it is still a good strategy game. can you add more countries and timelines and a editor to make your own war and stuff and add sri lanka as its iland thankyou great Too many errors.. I save game then after play this game It is changed to sandbox mod and color And in modern world where is portugal?? unbearable lag good time waster Useless Very basic, if you don't build up a big empire quick, you get steam rollered by stupid size armies. Only plus point was that it was cheap! enjoyable, some nations are impossible to win with, but wheres the fun in winning every time? major time suck lol but its great if you wanna just play and get lost in a game for a while. Nice, minimalistic turn-based strategy I used to love this game. Now I cant even play it because it runs too slowly on my phone Great time killer it is so much fun i love it. Worth the 3 dollars the game crashed as soon as I loaded it. I would like my money back please, I downloaded it less than 24 hours ago great game to watch others play and to play myself but the game is slow and laggy a but when i tryout a new game. Countries are set to go after a certain country each round. Ex: I played as Vietnam and each new game, Australia always goes after Vietnam, Philippines goes after South Korea...etc. It is set up. The game is very goood but can you add more countries such as Malaysia. Age of Civilizations is a decent strategy game that plays similarly to risk without those annoying micro transactions and pay to win features. It's worth all the money you purchase it for and definitely the most polished besides Age of Civilizations 2. The only thing I have a complain about is how stale it can get, I don't see myself playing this for more than an hour because it does get boring after you figure out the mechanics of the game. Laggy we want multiplayer version!! Love it Such a good game, was waiting for this for so long ever since i played the other games. Huge maps and no game is the same. Very enjoyable, way better than age of conquest and other games like this. It's like hoi4 and aoc4 combined into a game that's better than both of them. Actually the greatest strategy game on phone. (its also on steam if you wanna play the hugeee map) Really good game South Sudan in Africa dose not exist in the game but is a country and has been sense 2003 Do Lucasa: powinieneś dodać funkcję przejścia i zabawy w wieku cywilizacji 2. Great game made my channel awesome job Where is Slovakia? And where is Czechoslovakia during the Cold War or WW2? It was one of the best games I've played on mobile! Pretty good game for a good price It's fun but only for awhile. What would make me play the game more is multiplayer. Like I would be stuck online for a long time if I am versing people. Or if that doesn't seem too much I would suggest adding co op or 2 player turn base Great game can't wait for the second! It doesn't save ... I go on load game click the game and it says error game deleted Great Updates still after 6 years so keeps working it is good overall the only thing left to do is optimize the game so people with a cheap phone can play like honor 7x/new cheap phones which lots of people use so it can be more budget friendly I had been in alliance via Lithuania I had Italy UK and more three countries , after 60 turn I was kicked by unknown reason from alliance - but am creator of alliance? Good game could use some more secnarios but overall very good game A Civilization or Paradox ripoff that is honestly very competently made. Needing to watch population and every place getting a fair amount of units is very nice. After years of waiting aoc 2 and its on steam :( Great game but runs slow on my pixel 2 To buggy This is The best game. :) Its not working correctly on my device it works fine but as soon as i zoom in it starts lagging i really love this game but this is awful Its great, I think you can improve you released some more stuff like American civil war and other stuff Poziom trudności - początek na poziomie ciężkim bywa trudny, ale gdy minie kilkanaście tur przeciwnik staje się łatwy, za łatwy. Great game and i cant wait for the second one :) Its good and challenging and u never have the same game also it makes u plan ahead Controls are a bit hit or miss but else it's fantastic! First, the game is enjoyable and addictive. It becomes tedious near the end, but it's still really fun. However, it's by no means a historical simulation. The provinces are worth the same, so you can recruit the same amount of troops in Greenland and Siberia as in the southern China. You can't improve your economy (it grows over time up to a limit) or quality of your troops. Diplomacy is very limited, the only useful options are the Pact and Declare War. The only goal is to paint the map. Pretty good but sometimes the AI can make millions of troops in one turn and wipe you out. Also you can invade with a million and lose to 500,000. It is a good game overall. Nice game but the things you need to add 1 more countries 2 take what you want 3 more land area's and 4 1800 year when france take over Europe but fails Love the game, bought it and been playing it for a couple years, i.also have the other AOC games, Asia, Africa, Europe, and America and they seem like they have more to them than the base game. Nothing against this game. What could be really awesome if the base AOC game had all the same little details that Asia, Africa, Europe, and America do and just mash all of that into one game instead of 4 different games. Like I said, nothing against the game or creator, just an idea i had on my head This game is very mediocre. Nothing too special. Number management basically. Not very fun. If you like strategy games get this. The game is rather simple and pretty basic but still quite fun, it has specific timelines you can choose from and so forth. Jakowski's other Age of Civilizations games are also pretty swell. And if you really want to get excited, check out his YouTube channel to see all the new stuff he's putting in for Age of Civilizations Two. But no seriously PLEASE RELEASE IT Love this game. Based on the old Risk board game. Strategic and tactical. The are a few bugs after latest update though. Absolutely awesome war game !!!!!! I really enjoy it. You should have a setting to lock the zoom at default. Good stuff, very addictive and fun Age of civilization 2 android??? Only thing that I would change is to add dates that change so if you play modern you start in 2018 then go to like 2050 Meu celular é novo e mesmo assim, o jogo está MUITO MUITO LENTO! HORRÍVEL! It is the best mobile game I have played It's great I bought this game a couple of years ago and its the only mobile game I still regularly play. 10/10 would recommend Nice game can you improved the army like tanks qnd planes It reminds me of hearts of iron. But phone version of it. Suggestion: add a custom mode where you have full control over the game. For examply have the ability to place your and opposing capitals wherever you want or be able to control the economy of every nation and so on. As far as the game itself goes this is the best turn based strategy map domination game ive ever played. Hands down the best stratagy game on a phone ive been playing it nonstop sonce i bought it so trust me, its more than worth the €2 and i will definintly be bying the 2nd one. One. More. Turn. I like the idea but the game can be made much better with some more small features. Like purchasing/ giving land to and from other countries, especially allies and vassals. You shouId also be able to move your capital. Please add new scenarios with different countries (For different timelines. For example, a scenario for the Roman Empire, maybe.), playing different ones keeps the game fresh. Good game But what is fog of war Pretty well done. Just too simple with not many features and several bugs. The alliance system makes not much sense. I respect the work however and hope for a great PC game. Great strategy game Like a phone version of risk. Very good the worst game I have ever seen, that's why i go to sleep in the morning Cant wait for the 2nd one I like the game but its unrealistic how a province could have 1056 troops in it and then jump to 356789 in the next turn its annoying and in every difficulty it happens Pretty good time killer and addictive Great great Absolutely amazing game, still play it over a year later. How do you reset the game? I want to re-do the score board, but can't find the option!! Great game at a nice strategic / difficulty level. The game doesn't use up too much battery and is nice to be able to pause and come back to it as it is turn based. Very well constructed and would recommend to anyone who likes turn based games / strategy games Game became very laggy after a phone upgrade, now is unplayable. Also there is no scenario editor. Awesome game. Nice game also very simple to use when you got the hang out of it.I recommend this to the people, that are considering buying this game. Love this game. Any criticism will probably be in 2. So excited for AoC2 BTW. Can't wait for age of civ 2 to come out! It'll improve this series well. Where is the new one? I keep coming back, but all i want is aoc 2 Warning for those playing on "1936 Full": DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT play Belgium. (Unless you're playing in Sandbox mode.) It was fun The game is a great time killer and is just a really fun game so I would condenser getting it. this game has a good quality , good graphic It's awesome game, but on Xiaomi Mi A1 lagging so much which makes it unplayable. A few months back the game went smoothly. Badass, cant wait for AOC 2 It's freakn great Please add culture like things like that if u keep your Citizens mad u might have rebellion on hands just something please add this to u control the tax and happy meater and ill rate 5 stars I have xiaomi redmi 5 plus which that is performance is really high. But when I want to play that game, it's lagging so much. It would be better if it had multiplayer, more sandbox customisation, more dynamics than just military, econohmy and territory. It would be cool if it included natural geographic barriers like mountains and various climates. It gets repetitive after a while I love this game. I only wish there was a way to set up your own scenarios. This is my favourite strategy game ive ever played. The only problem I have is sometimes ill ask for an alliance and the ai never says yes even if i do. In order for them to do so i have to kill more than half of their civilization. It would also make the game do much better if you could make online and offline multiplayer. But besides that, this game is perfect. Love it Sweetness Güzel işte amk Love this style of game and you made is simple and fun. How do you go back to the menu? (I can't find it) This game is amazing. Keep up your amazing work! I really like the game Compatibley issues for the P20 lite. Can't see the bottom of the screen as it's coverd with on screen buttons. And its around 5 fps, feels like it's just bugged out. Unplayable in its current state. Needs more, why no natural land borders like Alps? So good game Add more civs pls! Also; if there was any way of expanding the game, say, adding a "trade routes" option to increase revenues or a way of creating 3 different units where each had their own strengths and weaknesses ? Lots of bugs still for such an old game - could be better. Why this app is so lag? This game os good its just that in the tutorial it says if you keep an enemy's capital in 3 turns you get their land but not realy and peace is important but the AI never cares and if you just need a little land and try to get peace they never sign a peace treaty and sometimes when i try to get a pact they decline but after they do weird It's nice Its a pretty good game Perfect It's like the war aspect of Civilization. The graphics use a lot of battery, but most games do. :-( Multiple maps, various opponent settings. Overall fun! It's laggy. PLEASE! PLEASE FIX IT! PLEASE! Also, you should add revolutions and create your own country thing. Good I really love this game, it's so fun strategizing how you were going to take down your enemy and how you are going to expand your Empire to be as large and Powerful as it can be, but there is one thing that is bothering me, it seems a little bit nitpicky but it's something that I would like to be added into a game in the future, I would like it if there was a way to create your own custom country or micro-nation of sorts with your own flag which you can import from your photo gallery and choose one area of the Map that your country will be placed, so in other words the ability to create your own custom country to play as, this is the only thing stopping me from saying "this is the best game on the play store" P.S if the developer sees this comment please take my idea into consideration, and don't take it too harshly I still love the game this is just an idea which I think would make it better then it is already Great game!!! I have one request can there be a option where you can take money from your treasury and give it to a vassal territory that you took over??? I love the way you can chose different countrys and world maps Bought and played the game on a Nexus 6p a while back with no issues, but havent been able to play on my new phone or tablet. Love it First of all, could you make a game mode where all the countries are in it. Because modern world full doesn't have all the countries in it. On the other hand I love the game, Thanks. Perfect This is the origin of my love of strategy, and is still a favorite on my phone. Once II comes out, perfection will be found Its an amazing, addicting game. Only downside, no missles or nuclear arms add that and its better by 100%. I love the game itself but it's super choppy when I scroll and it doesn't use the whole screen. I'm using a OnePlus 5T. Once you learn the basics concepts, it's very easy to win every game. So I had fun the first few times I played it because I struggled a little. Not sure how much replayability it has now. Great game. My game crashes everytime I pause a game and then go back to it afterwards! Can you please squash this bug? It makes the game unplayable! Amazing fun to play game when your bored and its very strategic its worth the 1 dollar on sale and even the 2 dollars Simple and nice game! Ui is not very handy, but game is really simple and enjoying Everything is fine except idk how to make it so all the countries have all of their boarders instead of starting out in one province. Also there are two west Germanies so make that one a east germany when is the second one comming out I like it! It's fun and has very good AI. Perfect although some nations are impossible to win with. Eg. Belarus in Full nations mode regardless of difficulty Challenging ai players. Interesting strategy possibilities. One defect is  that North America is too empty. Another is that ai s don't get smarter on  harder levels just get more resources. Maybe more coutries because i am not gonna buy all games.I would be  bankrupt.Also plz split some prvince so that its more fun to have more land Great Risk type of game with enough different starting setups to make  replays fun. The AI also gets a lot better at higher difficulty which makes  winning satisfying. Love this game. Except that I can't get the provinces to turn to me. Even  in Sandbox mode. Mükemmel Age of Civilizations is the best game ever! I'm really excited for Age of  Civilizations 2! I love it! I was looking for a game like this for a while and it's great.  It's a bit too simple, but seeing how you're working on version 2 and  seeing all the screen shots makes me sooo excited and hyped! I cannot wait.  Annnd I recommend this game to everyone It is worth the pay I loved this game and i cant wait a for the second one. Think it Is an amazing game and it is loads of fun to play and very simple  to play It's good but I'd like it more realistic like rebels and I'd like more  countries like I see south Korea but not north Korea and I would be nice if  there were more provinces like all of the 50 US states like for example I  see Texas but I don't see idaho or Utah 2 I wish you add cities like Paris  or Berlin or Moscow or Beijing or Pyongyang or Seoul I'd love to see that  but overall great game Great game. I bought it a year ago and still play it to this day at least  once or twice a week. But very poorly optimized to the Razer Phone. 10/10 would succ again 👌👌👌👌👌 This is a great game. Can't wait for AoC2 Makes Risk and free mobile games look like trash. Go conquer the world.  What are you waiting for? Boss game. Took me awhile to get used to it but it's brilliant. Looking  forward to the second Could you make it so A.I.s can make alliances? But other than that this  game is awesome keep up the Good work Harika I want my money bak Cool game 5 star game but please fix bug on expert mode for S9. I can request  alliances with other nations and it seems like they accept them because the  "alliance" option is highlighted red but they never turn green on map and  definitely dont act like my ally...... Best hoi4 experience on mobile Wonder way to kill time Its very fun to play and easy to master. But still it lacks the first world  war. And oddly finland is occupied and italy was conquered in ww2 even  though that isn't at all accurate. This is a great game. Little bit too easy and simple though. Once you you  have conquered provinces enough the AI has no chance anymore, you know you  win but it just takes time to finish them all. Epic game! It's brilliant for people like me who love turn based-conquer  the world-easy to play games like this. I'd give it twenty stars if I  could! I only wish that if you sat on the capitol for three turns, the  whole enemy got taken. I wish that they just got progressively weaker to  conquer them all. Anyway, I'm downloading all of their LITE games for  smaller versions, but I do love this game! Probaly one of the better strategy games Add a edit mode where you can customise ownership of provinces, alliances,  etc. Does not take into consideration the current power and size of each nation Game runs very poorly on the Nokia 8 I love the game, but I switched to a Motorola and now the game is very  laggy to the point of ruining gameplay experience. Please fix this and I'll  raise my review to 5 stars. Nice concept, was fun for half an hour but very repetitive gameplay. No  progression or skill development, just repeat the same process over and  over. It's like a mix of Risk and Stratego, with better game play. It's a good  way to pass time, especially for people that love strategy games with the  world map. Phenomenal. One of the best mobile strategy experience. I have so many  hours in this game, and caters to everything I'd want in a strategy game  like this. This game would be so much better if it weren't for the constant low frame  rate. I hope this can be fixed in the future. Besides that, it is a great  game. Poor framerate for such a simple game This game is the most addicting game I've ever played I recommend it to  anyone It should have places in the right place if you know what I mean It is amazing, I have had lots of fun playing this. However, More options  would be cool, I'd live to decide what I want to annex at the end of a war.  You should also be able to sell land. I'd love to buy others land too.  Please make it that you can trade. Playing with others would be fun too.  Brilliant game though, take my money, definitely worth it. This is an awesome game! Just as good It is difficult to work out how to play the game This game is amazing! Love love love love love! Nothing wrong with the  game, but I'd love to see like a "make a country" feature. This would be a great game if not for the constant loss of save files. On  the game play: there should be an option to abandon territory to your  allies, and to totally free your vassals. Nice game. Add the birth rates and current populations to all Age of  Civilizations games. Bottom line: I love this game. It's complicated enough so that it attracts  strategy game and is simple enough to attract pretty much everyone else. It's so slow and unoptimized, that it's virtually unplayable. Tested on  Sony Xperia XZs. Te main aja nibuh ka berstail2 Hope you can add the Philippines in the game please. :) AWESOME Honestly this game is amazing, I love turn base-strat games; This game  would be even more amazing with "Multiplayer". good game The game is easy, even on extreme( the only difference from extreme and  hard is that you can make alliance in hard) but other than that it is a  great game but it could use room for improvement like allowing the AI to  make alliances, multiplayer would be good, and adding a custom random game  so you can customize how much a providence can get. That's all. And can you  add a sell your providence Mastered years ago...dont remember version but I'm down for another Does any1 know what the last hidden achievement is? XD Make so more player can control more countries pls Really Awesome! This game is super fun and you just gotta play it! Awesome game! I can't wait for age of civilizations 2! Multiplayer pleaseeeee!!! Very good mobile strategy game Ive spent almost most of my year with this game constantly open on my  phone, it is my favorite game I've ever had although im hoping that in AOC2  they make it so you can give land to other countries and even have cival  wars happen within your own country AMAZIN AND FUN Gets boring quickly. Doesn't really take much strategy. Not multifaceted  enough. Wouldn't bother Please Add Taiwan and add all the Central American countries and for the  sake of Gawd split the Koreas ffs Great game, have had for a few years Really love this game a few mistakes are there however. For some reason the  Mughals and the Mysore in age of discovery scenario get defeated at start  of game and are placed in Iceland rather than in India. Apart from that  this one of the best games on the store. Hyped for AOC2 I like the game play but I would like to play with my friends online. Could  you please add a new online feature. That would be appreciated. Thank you  for your time. The game is addictive but there are quite few bugs and errors, so if you  been playing and save it next time you want to resume you get a error  message before loading and everything is gone which is really frustrating... Amazing! I absolutely love this game! It's like having Hearts of Iron 4 on  your phone and it's very enjoyable. Hyped for Age of Civilizations 2! Was fun at first but then it started to lag very badly and became  unplayable. Ons of the best games on the Play Store! A few unnecessary bugs in there The game shows up in Arabic and I see no way to switch it out. It's a good game but has quite a few bugs and really needs multiplayer,  however it is definitely worth the price, and there's also a lite version  so you can be sure about whether you want to buy it or not. Nice strategy game. User interface could be better, though . In my ph1 it  doesn't go full screen so I can hardly press the end of turn button as it  is obscured by home buttons Amazing addictive game. Hope the second one will come out I really enjoy this game. Good work on it, because I can spend hours on it!  Some things I would love to see added are alliances that form between other  countries (not just during WWII scenario), a few more powers in North  America, South America ,and Africa during the Greatest Civilizations  scenario, and maybe some island nations (I: Seychelles, Taiwan, cape Verde,  Faroe islands, Sri Lanka, Sao tome) added. Excellent game This is the type of game that i wanted Really simple, cool and addictive game. Strategy is the base and good for a  long flight or waiting at the airport The game is awesome and a good time waster. The only problem I have is very  minor. If I reload a game the color I choose for my country changes. It  doesn't bother me, but I think the dev should know. I love playing as each country in history >:3 i dominate almost every time No Bulgaria I like the Game, But Why is There No Technology,And Military Upgrade, there  is No Warship Warplanes, and to Tanks Artillery and Infantry,but still when  I get Bored I play this Game. A great, simple, and addicting game! The one thing I did NOT like was Scotland not being an option to play as in  the modern world however it is available in the Age of Discovery. Now that  wouldn't be a problem..because it is a nation within the United Kingdom..no  problem right? Well turns out when you play as the United Kingdom, Scotland  is not a part of it and you can't play as Scotland Either??? Perfect This is a great game but they got some countries sizes wrong but still  great game Great strategy game but really needs a hot seat mode or Bluetooth  multiplayer. I really love this game. I only have one problem... The German Empire isn't  a standalone country, and you can't get it on a Random game. :( Please add more country😭😭 Its a pretty fun game, there is a glitch still with the alliance's, every  time you invite a new country it seems to declare war on the existing ones  already, can some please help It's all good but the random mode needs work and it would be cool if you  could make you own game mode. This is my favorite Mobil game, but it does need some additions to make it  even better Props to the destroyer of boredom I wish the map was more accurate and sizes of the empires too like austria  hungary in 1914 should be larger Been playing for almost 2 years I think. Very good game. Does not run properly on pixel c tablet and pixel 2 Best game ever. Like risk but WAY better. I just wish there was online play. Make it 3d If you enjoy mindlessly tapping numbers then you'll love this game. Very  little substance, pretty boring. The game is really fun and addicting, but recently there's a small bug on  the bottom of the map. But over all the game is Fun! Baisically just "RISK" but instead of bonus troops given each round, you  have a treasury and must recruit them. Other than that it's almost  identical to RISK. Diplomacy is a non-issue as there is nothing to do in  the game but domination, and other nations won't even entertain peace  unless their backs are already on the ropes in which case you no longer  require their assistance anyway. The vassal system is a cool addition,  though. In summary, the game has a decent foundation, but the devs need to  add ALOT more things to do before this game can be considered anything but  RISK 2.0. It is a very good game, But unfortunatly when I play the sandbox mode, The  game file gets corrupted. When I leave the game and come back into the same  game, It says: "Error: Game deleted" then it deletes the file of that game. This game is fun and pretty good for the price, but it has some major  glitches with alliances that need fixing. I can generally only play 30  rounds or so before the alliances start glitching. Grrrrrrrrrreat Hey, there are some kingdoms you can choose in settings but can't play,  Mysore and Mughal can be chosen but capital will be lost from the first  turn! You can't play at all. Please fix this. I want to play both Mysore  and Mughal. Game-breaking bugs keep occurring. Rules are, if you capture an enemy's  home province and hold it for three turns then you automatically assume  control of all their other provinces. Well guess what. That doesn't always  happen. I've held on to one for 10+ turns, never received their provinces,  yet when the same civilisation ended up capturing mine I lost after 3  turns. Don't buy this. It's bugged out. Fun pure strategy game Love the game. 5 Stars All Around. Alliances are still broken and don't work Greeeeeaaaaat game. Few suggestions though: some more diplomocy would be  awesome, like making specific coalitions to target specific empire. Another  suggestion I'd really, REALLY wish for to be implemented is some kind of  "Marathon mode", maybe in which there's somewhat of a reset timer, or maybe  make it so you start in a small area divided in even smaller provinces  (say, "Germania), and the map expands only when you've comquered all.  Still, great game though. I love this game, only downside is my alliance requests are never accepted  under any circumstances I love these kinds of games Not a good game it's not worth the money The only problem is managing to not lose track of time I played this game cracked for too much time.But finally I bought it.Thanks Lukas! I love how the game works and the gameplay. I would recommend that you fix  that you can earn achievements in sandboxmode though. 5/5 good game would  recommend The game doesn't have any tutorials but that just makes it better, the  games difficult and challenging but fun and rewarding, eventually I'll make  it to where I can take over the world. Great and addicting game, better than the Risk app. One problem though, I  find that the loading between turns can freeze then never load, causing me  to close the app and losing data. PLEASE FIX The game is great but I wish this worked on tablets. I have the Pixel C and I can't see any of the controls to play the game. ehh... gets repetitive very fast Constantly deletes my game data when I exit the game. I'll go back on and hit the load game button and the one that I click fails to load cause it was "Deleted" I play this so much I had to buy a stylus because my fingers were hurting from the touch screen lol/ sadly this game runs extremely poorly on my new phone a pixle 2 xl it's a shame because I loved these games... Maybe when Age of civ 2 comes out it'll work. I hope it will. Great I love this game, it makes me feel like a dictator slowly taking over the world which is great, highly recommend. Why this game needs access to all your information is beyond me. Careful who you share with. It's awesome Graet The game is easy to play, 5 star but hope there would be a multiplayer battle or an online battle that would be fun.. GREAT GAME just really wish that economies were based on more factors . ex. In modern world full France and Algeria have the same economy, and population When will Age Of Civilization 2™ be released?this game is great . i liked this game , such a dangerous time killer , worth every saudi riyal , love the idea about developing this app aliitle bit , 5 stars for sand box mood ;) Overall it is a very fun game, the only think that I don't like is how bad the AI is when it comes to alliances, I will be fighting wars and building up a very strong alliance and once I change turns, all my allies have turned on me and declared war on me. Definitely ruins the game Marvelous game! An awesome game! Can't wait for the second one! More Updates Please This is my 2nd favorite SP game with world conqueror 3 being Better but this ganm is unique in its features and im sure the next will be as well Unfortunately can't find my country. Azerbaijan Fun game. UI needs more work though. Accidentally deleted my 100 turn game. When you click load game why it proposes to delete your game instead of loading?? Doesn't make sense to me. needs more graphic improvement. I love it Great TBS A very nice game Bloody good game. Just played a match for 4hrs straight on the largest everything. Bloody loved every second of it. Bought the game but I am getting corrupted graphics on my phone. Samsung Galaxy s8+ (exynos variant). Am unable to play at all Good strategy game with Google Play Game Features and good controls, gameplay, and graphics, but no Google Cloud Sync and no immersive full screen. Bonus star for the exemplary permissions (none). Great fun gameplay Great game Wen iz aoc 2 cumin out When will  Age of Civilizations 2 come out? On steam it says 2018,but it's been 3 months  into 2018 and nothing. Please respond. Would help if you supported different aspect ratios. The game is covered by my navbar on my essential phone. Good. Good game. However there are way too many visual glitches throughout the game. Also it runs very slowly on a pixel 2 XL I really love the game and play it all the time, but I wish that you could make a custom game. As in name new civilizations and be able to decide where there capital and provinces are.If you did this it would definitely be my favorite game. I would really appreciate it if respond. Can you add music because it kinda gets boring after a while without any sound. The only thing I don't like it's that if you finish the war with some country you will immediately have another enemy....pls make it more realistic, like if I attack an alliance, the would attack back or if I invade another country the will attack, sometimes I don't even touch a country and they declare war on me Great game I just wish there were.more senerios like the holy wars or the Thirteen year war. Awesome!!!!5/5 Having a lot of issues with the game. Other civs will steamroll me after expanding only a little bit. a good game but it needs updated graphics and menus as of now its a map a calculator  and an semi decent ai. This game is great but if you added a multiplayer function it would be awesome something else you should do is add is more areas in a map like the USA has each state and Russia's areas are divided up Bueno Good fun game but gets boring after a while. It is one of my favorite games of all time so exited for the second one. Keep up the good work. Awesome game fun to play and challenging I really like this game,but I have come to realize that its the same thing over and over and its easy to me now even on extreme.Its always the same thing expansion,expansion.Im quite frankly getting tired of it I wish it wasnt just about expansion,but also about stabilizing your country economically so it can keep its existance.I know Age of Civ II is coming soon and I hope my wishes are in the new games concept. Love this game. It's just a great simple world conquer game There are better games, it's fun but way to simple and easy. This is probably my favorite strategy game of all time. What you essentially get for the price that's asked of you is a mobile port of risk with some small elements of the Civ games. The wealthy abundance of nations as well as scenarios does good for the game's replayability. The mechanics are simple enough that after a few playthroughs, the player will have them down to a science.  My only complaints are the game's diplomacy section doesn't feel all that fleshed out. That's not to say that what's there isn't worthy. But, I feel that the politics in the game world could be expanded upon. Unlike in the Civilization titles, where on top of conflicts and invasions, you had to build and discover in order to become the most advanced civilization, here all you have are two icons. The factory icon which indicates how many resources you have, and the persons icon which indicates how many people you're able to recruit into your military.   Again, this isn't to say that what is there isn't worth playing or even buying. It's simply a suggestion of what could make the game even better than it currently is. All that aside, I definitely think this is one to pick up for strategy game fans who'd like something to play on the go. And if your unsure about spending money to buy something you haven't played, there's a free version as well, just to test the waters. I can't believe they have every single country apart from Lithuania. Unbelievable, refunding instantly. Edit they do have it, it's on the larger map, only because I saw it in the picture and not in game at first. And it's a great game, easy mode is actually easy but I enjoy the challenge Great Strategy Game Fun game. Wish there was an option to alert me when an opposing state declares war. Would be great if a full version of the cold war scenario was added For some reason the cold war option and the age of exploration option doesn't work properly for me. They claim to start with one number out of the same number of teams, then all of the sudden, the number goes from 20/20 to 36/20. Can you please fix this? I would love to play them properly. Thanks! Awesome!! Can't wait to play this on PC! Great addictive game, you can easily spend long times playing and having fun. I loved it and I am eagerly waiting for the second installment and it's improvements Literally my favorite Strategy/RTS of all time next to C&C and Rise of Nations. Wow this game is really great Great game and I played it quite a bit, but after getting a Pixel 2 XL the game is so slow it is unplayable. The best simple domination world game. I dont regret paying for it. I would like to suggest some features like the climate and weather to the world and also some strategic value to warring like the terrain and so on. Those feature can give a little bit more excitiment and challenge for us players. Simple is good and i know you can manage more great updates. Excellent! Everyone should have this lovely app. Very good game worth the price lots although it could use some more diversity Great game and time killer the only thing I don't like is they don't include the Netherlands Very well made and no game add ons! I hope aoc2 comes with a scenario designer with custom Nations. Need new scenario Add audio or some sounds to the game, I feel so alone without sounds :( Great job devs, this game doesn't have an original concept but is very fun to play it was made well, and is just a great game. It's just too easy, could you add a harder difficulty? Ai could be better, and becoming a vassle should be an option It's a good game, but needs more if your paying for it. You could add environments, but even if you didn't it would still be an amazing game. But if you had the maps of alone continents with a ton of spaces (like in the Americas game and Europe game that cost money) in the game, it would be more fun to play those maps as well. The more provinces you can put in a map, the more fun the game is, as every small province can feel like a small victory. The game is the best strategy game All his games are the same concept, but offer different areas of the world and the various countries over the course of human history. Great games! Hey lukasz your game was great, i hope you give us some update on the gameplay (we can have marine,artilery, and airforce, in other word the stuff that make this gameplay more realistic) great job bruh :) Fun and a good challenge once you wrap your head around what's happening. Love it, my favorite game but i have a problem where everytime i exit a game it deletes itself Great but there are two west Germany in the game 🤔🤔 I want a refund I play this game the most out of all other games on my phone when I'm not on my Xbox or I'm out. Ive always loved strategy games like civilization revolution on xbox, risk and many other titles. This game is insanely well made and I highly recommend it you can spend hours having fun making alliances creating vassals and taking over the world. My favorite way to play is to try and bring the whole world under one alliance it's really hard but it adds a cool spin to the gane compared to simply taking over. 5/5 Still glitchy. Can't wait for aoc 2 though . I love this game because it is a smaller and cheaper version of hoi4, but in my opinion it is slightly better. I can't wait for the second version to come out!!! This game is cool bc I get to be a commie I love this game I didn't go through all the options before I gave my review Really fun would recommend. In a nut shell it's fun one of if not the best strategy game on Android it's super fun and real cheap too I love this game but I only have one issue. After a while, it still freeze during the AI's turn and it still does the same when I save the same game. Other than that, fantastic game! Good, but needs some more scenarios, as well as maybe a scenario maker, Great game! Very immersing the only thing that annoyed me was that you couldnt be Scotland! Can you make it so you cant just get it in random mode Great game! Very addictive, tons of fun Love it Awesome game, I think it be even better if Sparta was in the game or even the Persian war set up I really love this game! I see that you are working on a second one that looks even better. When is it coming out? Great game, not a whole lot of fancy graphics and such, but it has the world domination feel to it. Love the game, can't wait for the second and future projects of yours! Great game, very fun. So hyped for aoc2 on 10/10/17. Edit: disappointed to hear that the release date has now been moved to 2018 :( would be nice if it was here in time for Christmas. I like it a lot. Repeatedly playable. It's not perfect, but so what. This is a fun pastime. And besides, the World is not going to conquer itself. Get out there and do it! Loved this game ever since I had my first phone, never would want this game to end for it practically provides  more than almost all conquest games AND is easy on your phone and it's battery, would highly recommend this to anyone It WAS a great game until everytime I tried to load up my saved games it would say, "ERROR, SAVE DELETED...TAP TO CONTINUE" this is pretty upsetting, please fix it. The first time I downloaded this game I was really bad at it and didn't find it very fun. But once I tried the game out again and started to get the hang of the mechanics it became really addicting as you pursure the victory.  It's a very simple, yet thrilling game - with minimalistic graphics and basic mechanics, but requires careful strategising and a lot of intense risk taking to conquer enemy after enemy. Would like to see some additional mechanics to spice up the game but is a phenomenal game as it stands. Make the troop boxes in Europe smaller It didn't work and I lost my purchased.  I paid for a game that didn't work. Love the Concept Lovely. The game is great but it would become better if you could make the diplomacy more like Europa Universalis. I really love this game but please add an online mode and I think this would definitely be worth every cent I paid for just think how cool it would be to play against others instead of just an AI. Good Would be better if different kinds of troops would be added love this game to much ;-; Great game, very addicting when you need to waste some time. This game is quite excellent! You don't win every time, because its partially about luck of placement and who you Ally yourself with! The controls are fairly easy, even though it has some more advanced features like population which controls how you make troops and spend your money. Very good game, very interesting, and infinate replay value. I love this game it's so much fun, if there is one thing I could change that would be being able to play a game inside one specific region All I can say is can't wait for the sequel on PC. It will be awesome! Very addicting Good time killer can't unlock last achievement An excellent game. Well worth the money, I've been playing it for over 2 years now and am still hooked. Emensley gratifying conquering the world over and over again in entirely new ways. Opponents are surprisingly smart and astute and pose a real challenge. Love to see more map iterations other than Kepler and modern day world but then again those two have kept me busy for years so who am I to complain. Simple fun and wholesome Best strategy game without ads, just the onethat i was looking for...if you are looking for no nonsense strategy game this is for you This game is good but you guys should an option on wether you can buy land from a country peacefully. Other the  that it's amazing. A really well made, highly playable game with an absolutely crucial flaw; the turn order randomisation renders any attempt at meaningful strategy impossible. Best strategy game out there! It's great, though I think more could be added, for example to create puppet states of more than one province that you can control. Best game can't wait for aoc2 Absolutely amazing! Best game I Havel ever played. Where is Age of Civilizations 2 ?? I need it I've played this for literally weeks.. It's fun, simple, and easy to navigate. It proves that a good game doesn't have to be over the top. I also appreciate the lack of ads and microtransacrions. Realy good game but i would like to see the modern day civ preset to be like the wwii one with the nations having proper borders not just the capita, i would also like to see existing alliances like nato be inplemented into the modern day. I wish there was a little more customization, and that more provinces were named. Other than that, it's one of the best Android games I've ever played. This game was amazing but it think that some thing should be added like more countries could be added into age of discovery like poland comanwealth  and France and England and i think that 1939 should be added  but the rest of the game is awsome please add multiplayer!!! I'll give you that last star if you please add other alliances besides the ones you create I would like it if you let the other civilizations make alliances with each other but I think that will be in AOC II (I haven't read what's in AOC II yet) It's a little slow in game but still fun Make a detailed Map for Ireland. I love this game. Hope to see more. Maybe add more. AA defense systems and aircraft. Lots you can do with this game I think it has great implements of game play and it is well designed. Best game ever! It was awsome but I would love a lot of multilayer pls Ale lipa Lightweight, nice graphics, absorbing, and no nasty ads or in game purchases. No cheesy soundtrack either. Love it. Probably best on a tablet or a larger phone. I would want Custom Map Mode because the game gets kind of boring when there is only a few scenarios to chose,  I would like to play in Eras like the Renaissance or The Roman times. Thank you. The IA es the most stupid and repetitive thing, tried playing as Germany in normal difficulty and in every match, after 3 turns every other nation starts attacking you over and over again, it's nearly imposible to maintain more than three territories at a time, it sucks it's not a random IA it always do the same thing. I don't think it's worth the money they ask for, it would be at best a free to play game. A good clean strategy game. I look forward to the second iteration. Good game, hyped for the 2nd one. Good game to kill a couple hours Cool This game is so great and I play it nonstop but I think there should be an update where we can create our own country and flag it would be really great Love it love love it Playing it nonstop. Love it to bits. I flat out love this game. I would love it even more if it were avalible for windows. This is a very good game and i love it. Edit: the game is still good, however for some reason, my saves keep getting deleted. Please fix! The game is interesting. But I hope you can add the "Malaysia" country. I also suggest that you add nuclear missiles to attack other countries. Maybe also add trading between allies and neutral countries. This will totally make the game more fun, addictive and also challenging. Great game, but just have to say. i find it REALLY weird, annoying, and just inaccurate how the modern world map includes Jamaica, but not Cuba. And then Jamaica takes the island of Cuba. Why not have Cuba on Cuba? I think as an avid gamer that this game is all about simplicity and strategy all in one. It is truly a fun and competitive game One of the best games I have ever played. Very fun and addictive. Totally worth it! Great game but missing interaction between ai factions for example them being able to form pacts and alliences and also more interactions between player and ai it would be good if you could suggest strategy and form plans with the ai as well as a trading system. There is a bug in the we two scenario where frances capital starts in actual France and you lose in three turns. Also Japan had no capital at all please fix. This is a great game though. Keep up the good work Worst tutorial ever! When is age of civilizations 2 coming??? Probably the best real world turn based strategy games Awesome. Can't wait for aoc2!! Great game would have been cool if you could make a weaker enemy pay you gold or give you land if they wanted peace. Amazing Please make as detailed as other versions like Asia and Europe. Also might be cool to do a mode set in the 16 century and have some areas unconquered This is one of the best games out there but I need more different campaigns and for the AIs to form alliances of their own. Also maybe some kind of deeper economy. I would even be willing to pay for it. This is a game I have come back to playing over and over again. Can I get a refund please I really need it Great game I find alliances still do not work. Say I had 4 allies and I wanted to add another ally on a whole other continent, when I add the next one all the other allies aren't allies anymore, and my new ally joins them and replaces me. And if one of my allies has a vassal state (even just one), I know I'm not going to be allied with them for long, the vassals are absolutely atrocious in all the AoC games. Allied Vassal states will be at war with me for no reason, and as soon as it attacks me, all my allies betray me, but if I attack the ally vassal, its okay.  Also Russia wins every game, especially when they're part of the USSR.  Why are allies preset in WW2 but not in WW1? Why is there no full map mode of the cold war? Why does Madagascar ALWAYS go for the Middle East first, and lose every time? Any country near Russia is unplayable, the longest I've lasted was 12 turns as Turkmenistan until Russia took over. Belarus is gone by turn 3. Great game. However, since updating pixel XL to Android 8.0, game stutters and lags when scrolling the world map This is a very addictive game Awesome game if you love strategy The game is lacking any twist. The resources are just a number. Maps are very large and the gameplay easily becomes repetitive. Winning strategy involves always recruiting everything from near and a bit further. No variation. Poorly balanced. Confusing turn based mechanics especially when some nearby regions have zero, some massive numbers of troops, from many nations. You end up accidentally attacking allies etc. The game feels immature and becomes tedious after a few games. I'd say a great game and a good time killer/strategy game. Sandbox is great to dick around and feel unlimited power! Overall it's worth the 2 bucks spent on it Fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. I want to rate it six stars. Concise, clear logic, addictive. It is very strategy heavy but there is one thing but i want other aliance s This is hands down the best game I have played on a phone , ive had for years and dont see myself ever deleting the app and no i havent been paid to put this ;) and im not a robot :") A brilliant game, definitely a time killer.  I would like to see, however, a two player function instead of having every other country an ai Could you please do a cold war scenario for age of civilizations? (The global one) WW2 This game is only strategic for the mentally disabled I do agree that it is a fun game but all it is is spawn a number and attack a little number say for example your the United States you start in Washington DC once you take over all of the states you have almost unlimited resources already even on hard difficulty once you own all of that you have more than enough resources to buy a big number of well number I can't even call them troops simply because the fact that you can't buy different troops so it's pretty much just a big number eat little number game as I was saying once you have the 50 states you have more than enough money to buy more numbers to take over Canada and South America no problem it's like it was a cakewalk by the time you do that which is around 20 minutes in you can have a number of either 1 million to 5 million just sailing across the sea just taking over anything you come across I can complete this entire game on full fog of war and on Extreme difficulty within an hour simply for the fact that once you have 50 states you win the AI is not smart enough Pretty good, i think the game just lacks some depth. Maybe add some more features and complexity. Also, what are the benefits of creating a vassal state (if any)? Can play this all day This is the best game ever!!! Not worth for the price I paid Can't fault it but what I would like to see is a scenario like NATO Vs Warsaw pact in cold war or another scenario like Capitalist countries vs Communist countries Likes to delete save games, not worth actual money. This games is amazing! Definantly worth the $2.14! I just like everything in this game and what I want to have that there are more countries and a longer gameplay Very good but... The replay value is not huge. Because of the simple gameplay (recruit, attack, move) etc, the game gets tiresome after a few campaigns.   For the price it's well worth it. Number 2 needs to have more elements however, a better economy, different troop types that would be affected by the different climates on the map etc. This would make each instance unique and really ramp up the replay value. Waste of time and money The game is awesome, but in the keppler map with 85 civs, Turkey, I believe, it's broken, and if any other civ conquers that territory and puppets it, the game just keeps flipping that territory between the liberated and pupper state - it also breaks alliances. Contact-me if you need details :) Love this strategic 'unify or conquer' the world game. Can't wait for Age of civilisations II to come out. Very good strategy game One of the best strategy games out. Can't wait until the release of AoC II in October. Amazing one of the best strategy games ever! The game is to easy and repetitive Very time consuming its good for long car rides The games replayability is low. Challenging in early rounds of game but even after the game is in hand hours of redundant play to finish it. It not very good.I seen better.And I did not get a refund. Love this game Best of its kind! Interesting to know if developer will make new version available for free for those who bought this game... Good addictive but add music pls Pretty good time killer.  Can make you think at some points.  Definitely fun. Good game Hey Lucas, I commented a while back, and you responded saying that your Age of Civilizations 2 was coming out soon. When exactly is that? Needs more units and elements to make it strategic Reminds me of Hearts of Iron, how you can chose any country from major time periods and choose your own path Could you do a nonaggression mode where no one attacks but only if you decide to attack first Great turn-based strategy game Nothing like Civ games at all. The games diplomacy options are limited to war, pact, alliance and peace no trade option no why to increase your population. You don't feel like a leader of one of these civilizations as all you really do is recruit a stack of troops and move them to a different province, take it over and repeat.   You most likely are thinking at this point that i dislike the game but no, it's a nice time waster and you don't have to be online to play it.   This game could be a masterpiece if the game developer adds more options so it's more entertaining. I can't help but think its just a stone thrown away from being like superpower 2.   The Game is perfectly priced at under £2.00. I since the developer has a bit of talent and I think he could do better giving time and funding so buy up no point on trying it for free and help the developer make his next game a better game. It's a really great game Its a very good game yet it somtimes gets boring and dull Atrocious. What strategy are you people talking about? This game is a joke. Play CivIV and then come talk to me about strategy. These reviewers have the IQ of a fish. I'm demanding a refund for this tripe. Fun as hell, but gets pretty boring without more game modes than domination. Great game but big nations snowball to easily Great strategy game.!!!! Amazing game! I'd love however to see a Country customisation option I love this game! Can't wait for the second one! I love this game, really I do. But sometimes, for some reason my alliance braytrays me and kicks me out. I absolutely love the age of civilizations games, I bought all of them. But I have two suggestions... Could you make it so that we can make our own custom civilization? Like name, location, flag and colour. And could you make air fields a thing that you'd build in one province and then it would allow you to send troops over a few provinces in one move. And if you do consider that then maybe able to upgrade it to allow it to go over even more provinces, this would make battling easier especially if there is a neutral country between you and the country you're at war with. It'd be really cool to have these features in all of the games. Thanks for the awesomeness! Plz put type of unit and more thing to do buy everything is asome Nice strategy game. It's a great game, by far the best I've got and very addictive. To improve this game though it should have a cold war mission and a mode that allows you to make your own country Need music & update control. This game is very cool, enjoy & interesting! The game has a bug where if you have an alliance too big it will just kick you out and make you fend for yourself and generally get bum blasted because you were kicked out for no reason but it is good enough for a 5 star but they need to fix this immediately so i can get back to pillaging. A great game with an even soon-to-be greater sequel :P Really fun and enjoyable game, but I wish you had more options than just total war. Like ads add more diplomatic options Can't wait for the second one Great game but please in next update make it possible to play as Scotland as a single nation!!! It's a good strategy game Fantastic I like it it should needs to have more edited stuff but its awesome and Fun! I have been looking for a world conquering game for quiet some time now that has a specific way of doing it. I am so glad I found this, the controls are easy, the graphics are nice, and the gameplay is fun. I can't wait for Age of Civilizations II. Can play this for hours straight Mate, best game ever!!! I lost my phone but I bought it on my new phone anyway! One thing... Can you make it compatible on iPad? I'll pay any price just do it! Full, Europe, Asia, Africa, America just put it on iPad!! Nice job! 5/5. There are a few things on my wishlist, though. I want to see more ancient civs and an ancient world scenario, a scenario that includes Scotland without making me use the 119 random civs thing, and an Imperial scenario with a young North America. It would have an infant US, Spain where Mexico is, France in the North, Indians, etc. An American Civil War scenario would be pretty sick as well. Fun and relaxing Really nice game. Still anticipating the sequel Add maybe army image like tanks :D or you could create more scenarios or make that we could create scenarios and publish , other people could play ... ?! Absolutely amazing strategy game. I can play it for hours and it never gets boring, but there is still a lot of things that could be improved, such as adding trade or negotiations. Can you make AOC2 free for people who bought AOC1? Loved it What I really love about this game, is that the developers are constantly updating and trying to make the game better, and more enjoyable to play. Wow, no Israel on the map even no borders and no option to choose the Israeli flag, and the region in the game called "Palestine" very disappointed, uninstalled. I love the game, could be better in since areas (controls, quality...). The biggest problem is the game saving. Sometimes my game would save, someone it would delete. Please make it easier to save the game. Cant wait for Age of Civilizations 2, You should add LAN multiplayer and net multiplayer The game is very fun but I would love it if you added a NATO vs Warsaw pact, US Civil war, Revolutionary war, British Empire etc I love this game but you need to fix your saves, everytime I save the game I will try to go back on later but it says error, file deleted, and its very annoying if you don't fix this I might stop playing this game please fix the saves!!!! Great game This game was worth every penny but the only thing that bugs me is that the cold war map is not already filled in I think this game is awesome Love this game!! But north korea needs to be added in regular gameplay. Instead of just random games. Great strategy game. AWESOME GAME!!! Risk but without all the messy little pieces, dice rolls and complicated rules. Pretty challenging and requires some thoughtful unit placement and a decent expansion strategy. Amazing game, but later in the game it has a tendency to freeze on 88% when transitioning to tje next turn. Occurs around round 50. I have  Galaxy j3 To others:  Getting a capital isn't enough, you have to stay on it for a few turns. Good Game. Would be nice if you can add more planets. Great game  I enjoy playing with music The only one that's simple  And doesn't take your money Its absolute garbage. Love it, i think its sickk but why wont it let me connect online, each time i click it all it says is connecting and just stops.  By the way it would be pretty cool if you could create states out of your conquered lands or give more lands to lands you have vaseld Could do with a couple little tweaks. In the modern civilisations mode, include all current nations instead of just 96 (even if you have to update to reflect current states of certain nations status etc). Also have the ability to move your troop into a neighboring country (whom you're not necessarily allied with) without attacking them. Cos it's annoying attacking a neighboring country to find a second country is also attacking, but the second countrys turn is first so you end up going to war with them. Amazing! My favorite game! Absolutely amazing! I recommend this game to anyone willing to try a new turn based strategy game. This game is simple but amazing. The AI still need some improvement but overall it's great. Like the game, but you cannot play as Empire of Japan on 1942 gameplay. Their capital is, for some reason Islanida, and is already occupied by United Kingdom, and where I think the capital should be, is neutral and unoccupied. Please fix this, and thanks in advance! Very addictive and fun to play Absolutely brilliant game. Had it for as long as I can remember! Poses a good challenge, and definitely consumes time! A full game could easily take a while day. The game is similar to risk, but without the limitations. Fortify land, build ports and send an army to sea. Annex countries, alliances or just declare peace and war! Also has a spare map if earth just isn't cutting it for you. Then after that you can further purchase continents in detail. Can't wait for AoC 2! I like this game, but something strange happened, all my vassals started to attack me, but I wasn't loosing any territory, just losing all my armies. It got to the point where I couldn't move my forces, they would just disappear. Great game add some more maps like American independence or Napoleon or crusades Game is good, but where is Civilization 2? I wish I could get my money back. This game sucks. My personal favorite thing to do is go into sandbox mode and crush everyone, but overall this game is amazing. Amazing Simple yet fantastic. Incredibly stoked for the 2nd one! Tons of fun, and I especially love the World War 2 scenario. It'll be a lot more fun if there was a Cold War scenario though... Anyways great game! Time consuming This is the ideal game for those who enjoyed playing the board game Risk in their younger years. Amazing!!!! Only thing I'd suggest is add more countries. Good game! I expect the second  one!! please add buy and sell province option on in between countries and allies.please add map of colonisation of UK and france also all the european countries over the asia africa and american continant. Pretty fun and addicting however the alliance system is still broken at times While you are making the second game can you add a campaign (bronce age to far future).Also can you add the continent Antarctica and maybe the moon.😜 The only complaint I have is that I can't stop playing it! :)  Time actually seems to speed up when I start a game, and suddenly it's two AM and I've got to be up in four hours... Great game! I love this game, but could you add multiplayer? Risk on steroids!!!! Real world borders with aggressive AI to make game play strategic and exciting! I really wish there scenarios and nations set in ancient or medieval times. I don't know what it is about this series of games, but I love them all! Loved it good game, no buying crystals or anything just the cost of the game, worth every penny! It's like Rome/C&C/Risk/Sid Meier's civilzations. Best part for me No ads or other people raiding your stuff when your not on. It saves when you exit and you start were you left off. Świetna gra. Prosta, co za tym idzie, skupia się na tym na czym powinna się skupiać. Prosta ekonomia i proste zarządzanie armią, to wszystko czego potrzebujesz do podboju świata na smartphonie.  Świetna robota Łukasz! Perfect Great for passing time and just casual play I'm really frustrated, no matter how many capital cities I capture in single player I'm not gaining control of their civilization as explained in the rules GOOD I'm a huge fan of the P.C. strategy game HOi4 and this is the closest thing to it but for Mobile Love it so much I bought all of your games and I can't wait until the age of civilization 2 Add more countries and add multi-player please This game is soooo Good! I can't find anything wrong with it! I loved it could add more features tough like give land to an Allie and many some new scenarios best game ever for me Just a great game for a good price Best RISK-like app out there!! Fun game, definitely helps the time go by. I love this game so much and it is solid ! However I noticed when I play, other civilizations doesnt form an alliance. So it always ends up my alliance vs the world which gets boring with time. I also have a suggestion, maybe allow players to swap lands with friendly and netural civilizations. Great game! absolutely loved it. super excited for the second one. Very nice game for a slow android phone. Math games in a world map. Lots of fun; gets really addictive! Can you do the malaysia country? Separate it with indonesia. Multiplayer? Awesome It's a great game, but where's Uganda? Am I supposed to take over the world as some wimpy place like Russia? I need Captain Alex and his commandos. G8 game would R8 8/8 Amazing always play it Great game and there's a lot that can be expanded on I'm sure but there are some bugs like the game putting you on sandbox mode when you load a save which for me ruins the game. I waste my money just for this stupid game. Thx A lot... I think its cool Good game I need a complex and well-designed game like this. 1 move your capital 2 higher populations 3 make Russia less op. 4 add more provinces 5 more about the economy  Other than that great game Good Game Great strategy game. Can't wait for the second one to come out This game is very well made, and honestly a little too well made. It is far too addicting. Before uninstalled it, I would spend any second I could play this. It is awful. Please, if your reading this, do not get this game! It's quite good  and an addictive game however I wish the devs could add some of the cool features suggested in their reviews. EDIT Keep up the great work with the updates! Glad to see this app isn't dead It's a simple to understand and addictive little game Good But he should add North Korea in modern world full. and add multiplayer? Great game. Can't wait till the 2nd one One of the best games I've ever played! Add more chance to the game. Have a morale system. Add generals to boost morale and boost the  chance of victory Pretty cool Mughal, oirat and mysore are still appearing in Iceland. Not sure if it's supposed to happen but I don't think it should.  Just waiting for aoc 2. Would you add a few features that you plan to put in AOC 2 as a test for this one ? Or add anything to this one to make waiting easier ? Great game Awesome Honestly it's the best mobile game I've ever played I just wish there was multiplayer and a bit more things with diplomacy but I still love how it is currently and it's so addicting. This game can review real life style It's an amazing strategic game. If you like history or politics you'll love it!! Great gameplay, addictive and difficult to play, doesn't get boring or predictable! One of the best strategy games I've ever played! Although I've experience some minor performance issues and bugs, might just be my phone tho! Still a great game even with a few crashes now and again! AI should be better This game is really easy to pick up, has very simple mechanics, and is still very fun. You can try to take over the world yourself, or, as I've just discovered, you can create an alliance with several countries and use them to take over the world for you while you funnel funds to them. Simple but quite fun strategy game, similar to Risk. Beautiful game. I bought an iPhone 5 and I was super disappointed this game was only available for Android. I've missed playing it. Fantastic a way to add custom scenarios and civilizations would be nice Excellent game, extremely addictive, still many months later It does need a scramble for Africa mode though. It's a time killer. Hyped about AoC 2 so far the development looks interesting and promising (: Awesome MAKE #2. I LOVE IT. The game is very addicting, but you could clean up the lag No longer loads saved games. Was working OK? Sucks... I agree with others, the ability to create one's own civilization would be nice, also I would like to propose a multiplayer option in which one could play with others via hot seat, a local network or internet. You should add more scenarios with full countries Overall amazing and addictive game Good time waster, when you have nothing else to do. I love this game, it is easy to use and kills time. I have introduced it to 4 other people and they all play it now. I think a custom nation system would be awesome, and also a new era like Napoleon's invasion of Europe, the Russian civil war, the crimean war, or something else. Overall it is a great game. great game. offers many senarios simulating world domination. Absolutely amazing Needs music or a soundtrack, also needs better diplomacy options Really fun. Could do with a few more scenarios Great game but could you please include the 'lite' version of the map(less tiles)? i bought this and europe but i miss the less complex lite version maps..please do so i love you@ Brilliant to pass the time Needs an update. Multiplayer? Needs more frequent updates, otherwise fine Error game deleted fix that please Good game. AI are fun. The game is great besides the fact that it constantly delete' s my saves. unexpectedly addictive, one of the best mobile game ever made. I'd improve the ai a bit but still one of the best game around It in my top 5 games I play on my phone only thing is I can't put it down then I start haha Easy to learn game.  But it gets repetitive e. Love it!! Went as France to get one of the achievements, loved that wee bit of fantasy 😉🏳🏳 Fun time killer. Very well put together. No crashes. Very fun and challenging AI. Early game is most challenging but end game is very straightforward and mostly click to win. ITS GOOOOOOOOD Can you add custom Senarios? Awesome. Uninstalling because it's too addictive Fun little game Good needs multiplayer Some variety would be nice. Would love to play on random gen planets. Also, how exactly does the support option work. I poured millions into an ally only to watch them fall against weaker countries. I love this game! One update idea i have is where u can create your own country (name,flag) and have 2 scenarios.1 you start back when time begin and go through the years and its not all about taking over the whole world. 2 u choose a tile to start and it is in moderator age and have a uprising in a country of your choosing and start from there. One more thing have a game mode where its is not all about taking over the world its more time consuming and more like real world.  Thanks!!!! :) Great game for strategy and I love the scenarios. Wish there was map editor for the game. Played this game for so long that I need some more country selection please add so you can create your own country (flag  name. Location) 9.99/10 Great Game. I think it'd be cool if you could make a setting that changes the aggravation levels of different nations, or someway where all the smaller nations aren't consumed within the fist 5 turns. Thanks (: The best game I have ever played +i cant wait for part 2 I love this game. I would really enjoy if you added the possibility of making a mode in sandbox where you can make your own world scenario. What I mean is you can make countries to fully customize the world. Please consider the request. I believe that will make the game even better than it already is. I hope they update this game again I love this game it's a good time passer I love this game! The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because Egypt isn't playable in "greatest civilizations" mode. Also, a custom scenario wouldn't hurt. The game is BRILLIANT for nearly £1. Great gameplay and barely gets old. It would be amazing if there was a two player offline mode or "custom" team games. You choose your allies and enemies from any time period Please update Loved it Great for when your offline. Doesn't kill the battery with fancy graphics so you can play for hours. Basically, with careful planning, its possible to break away from the allies in ww2 and ally with Germany instead and then all my allies start stabbing me. Fun to screw the allances up and backstab ur allies. What? Where are the other countries like Latvia or Estonia? This is a game that is just really hard to put down. I love having the entire world. Definitely worth the price. I am triggered over this, can't reform the central powers. Pretty good game though. Anyone konw how to get the 38th achievement? I love this game but they need more wars in this game and have more detail in the game about diplomcay and that u can choose ur government but by persuading the people to vote for it . and have like Akoo in the game and terrorist in the game . If you could add revolutions and civil wars then this game would be 100% better. Otherwise great game! I love playing this game however my issue is that " extreme" isn't hard enough its pretty easy to win Great and simple time destroyer. Fajna gierka na zabicie czasu 😄 Polecam 😊 I have one problem with this game. When I start playing it I just can't stop and continue playing for hours. It's highly addicting and it gives a deep immersive experience and it's hundreds times worth the money. Worth the Money You should add something like a customization tab, Where you can create ur own country that would make this game 5stars!! Other than my ides this is a great game! A good waste of time Everything in my game is in Arabic and unfortunately I do not speak that You could mabye add multi player mode like 2 to 4 people and maybe  make your own country Pretty good game. Could use music, but otherwise great Love love and love this freaking game. Great job guys Just a suggestion, maybe have more different scenarios because I have played all of them Charmless Risk clone. The least engaging Android game I've played, and where's the sound? Paid for the app but doesn't get any further than download pending... It was a great game until the end when it was split into huge empires and really hard to win Good game I love it so far but I notice the only way to play as north Korea is to play the other map. I'd rather play as them on earth... I'll change to 5 stars when I can play north Korea on earth Great time waster.  Nothing to add. Zooming bit dodgy but that might be my phone. Great work Simple conquest that always leaves you longing for more Very enjoyable and fun! Only missing one thing. I would love to see more customization. Custom civilizations where you can change the flag and name. If that were added this game would be PERFECT! Good fun game kills some time A lot of times I form an alliance and we go to war with each other randomly and I don't know why. Please fix that so we can have a good alliance. And please make it where countries can send you money and maybe, just maybe, add some things that are political for the countries or something. Maybe it could make the game more interesting. Only thing I would like would be a map or scenario editor. Thanks man. Edit: Iron* It's a great game. It's a little more involved than Risk, and a little less complex than Civ 5. One thing I don't like is that you can't go back and play around more when you win a game. You only have the option to Exit. It's very unsatisfying when you're really into the game and you want to conquer more. I'd recommend you add a way to continue playing It's so fun taking over country's and just being them. Love it Why don't you make a colonial era like 1700s or 1600s? Anyway I love it. When do you estimate it will come out lucas? although im still learning its still fun also there should be an online mode thatd be great Nothing is explained What a game,  it's just complated enough and hard enough for it to be fun and engaging,  in your pocket. Simple but fun Great game I just changed to iPhone 7 plus please make the app for ios Best game yet, words do not describe the fun I had have. Can't wait for Age of Civilization 2!!! Recomend it to anyone, great keeps you in and there is so much to do worth the money. Doesnt crash often and fills in time while travelling. Don't do it. There's no custom game mode... Or world war one mode.... Please fix Can you also add name “create your country flag" and “name your country" Can't wait for the 2nd :) Very good risk like game Risk in over drive Add more options will be great MORE!!!!! Cant put down The strategy I found in this game is "start in Africa." North or South America might work as well, I guess - somewhere you can face your enemy over a narrow land bridge (it made little use of water). With that advantage, I could steamroll everyone. Anyway, this level of strategic depth didn't hold my interest for long. Would like to see a more detailed deplomacy system. I like being Russia and taking over America I was one of the first 30 to install this game and I love it so much. Keep updating it please. Great game!Needs more scenarios.There's a problem when I play sandbox mode.In the normal game the nations are at their full size but in sandbox mode there tiny.Please fix this Great game, would recommend it to anyone & I am excluded for future updates with more sinarios, like it'd be cool if they added some sort of scenario in the tenth century or during the crusades or something, the only thing I think they should change is how other countries should be able to make pacts & alliances with other countries other than your own (the player) but other than that which will probably be added in, in a future update, great game Tax rate should go up on extreme play The game is a good strategy, and will take up hours of time without caution. The updates are almost constant, too. Really addicting Great Game! Needs to add:                                                -An automatic skip action button                                      -More country variety                                      -All the countries in the world.                                      -Realistic AI, Egypt creating a vassal of Israel? Lmao                                        -Vassal glitch when you try to conquer vassals that once were under allied control it doesn't let you kick them from the alliance. Just one more turn. Just one more turn.  Why no sound though?  Please add some sound effects. Great Awesome game easy once you get used to it i love that you gotta be smart and think your way through :D Once the game starts it's so hard to put down. Just one more turn. One. More. Turn. It needs something. Like trading or civil wars or materials to trade with. Very well done, great game! No auto save? This game is perfect but it needs more map options.Many scenarios have gone missing? But, gee, an UPDATE would be nice If you made it so the player could give/take land from other alliance member to make better borders this would help after conquering people with two or three allies also MULTIPLAYER PLEASE! Good, but I can't end alliances with vassals This game is so adiditicing and easy to learn.....to me, it is worth the money It keeps deleting my saved game progess whenever I enter the game.Pls Fix I have poured countless hours into this grade A game. Would a multiplayer feature be possible? Or another planet like Kepler 22-b? Either would make this fantastic game even better. Can't find better strategy game Game is stuck in sideway view on my phone (huawei) One of the best strategy games!! I really wish I could play with my friends Simple game. Runs smooth. Very addictive. Very easy and simple game. First attempt on biggest world I didn't know what to do and lost quick. 2nd time I got the basics and conquered whole world in 101 turns and it didn't take long just pattern. So yeah game is pretty basic, won't play again Can you add north Korea?? Although I would recommend adding countries map or a city map other than that this game is great. pozdrawiam Łukasz It's simple, fun, and not bloated, a problem with most other similar games.  Great for fans of Risk and other related games.  Would recommend! This is a awesome game but it doesn't save any of my games. Risk the board game is more exciting than this. I think you should make a scenario where you have just the european countries that had colonies around the world, for example the Britain had control over canada, india, its african colonies, austrailia, new zealand and the 13 colonies in the united states. Then France had contol over its african colonies and indochina. Then you have Spain that its african colonies, the phillipines, and its south american colonies. Portugal with its african & its south american colonies. Italy, netherlands, belgium,etc..... Top game keep up the good work Perfect Definitely don't understand other reviews of strategies and complexities. Random and delayed turned based order system makes no sense, (depending on order you end up in random wars, and it's a flip of the coin who takes territories, no strategy) , and diplomacy has no subtly at all,  you just tediously click Alliance or Pact on neighboring countries and hope that they accept, no indication of how likely they are to do so. The game is great but I have two major complains one is there is no music in the game two is that there is a ver limited map selection still very fun and addictive The game of s a watered down version of civilization but in a good way it's simple and easy to play with picks of long or short games to play but like civilization 4 it suffers from unit stacking and when it comes to islands like Japan or Ireland it's pretty hard to finish them. Thusaking the game stale late game ad it usually comes down to 2 to 3 faint super powers just taking everything with no conscience. My search for an actually interesting strategy game on mobile with a UI that's not utter dogshit continues after wasting 5 bucks and about 15 minutes on this snorefest. I loved this game i only wish there was an option to create a country that would make it even better One of the best android games I've seen. I was really missing it while I was using an iPhone, now i'm glad I'm back to android :D Great strategy game. Love the scenarios and different play styles. I hate  that Providences can have different relationships between countries and that ruins half of my alliances. Addictive and better than Risk Could use a little walk through of the ui the first time but this is a great game for mobile. Game looks so simple but good in every way Hope they add changes like, change your capital or more planets, change/customize your flag, or change your country's name Great and Fun Game Fantastic A very good game but it would be awesome if you could some how play with other people online plus extreme is too easy we need another level INSANE MYR 8.99 that I spend to buy this  game is equal to it's simple gameplay and good interactive interface that make this game a best for me in Strategy theme... Keep it up and here 5 stars from me!!! ^w^ This game is so fun and addictive, but i wish there was a like a map creator or something The best one of this type of game I've ever played. This is too good and addictive so much fun and replay ability Just try to update new diplomatic features and new ways to win as you can't trust anyone unless u ally them because everyone wants to destroy you but great But new maps and scenarios please!!! Great game love the concept but wish you could do more for diplomacy and inside the country This game is absolutely incredible. I play as much of as I can every single day. One request that I do have for the creator (Łukasz Jakowski), could you perhaps work on a OS X version? I would love to get a chance to play this game on a much larger screen. Another suggestion that I have is adding (gradually, update by update, or all at once) every country in the world. I noticed that several countries such as North Korea or Latvia are missing. And thats pretty much it!  Thank you so much for bringing me all of this joy with this magnificent game. Advertises custom scenarios in description, but there is no way to make your own scenarios. If you were to add this, then this would be the perfect game. give me my money back Meh Needs create own Nation ability where you choose your own capital on a province also needs smaller provinces Well I would give the game a 10 if I could. The only problem with the game is, I was doing great but then all my allies just declared war against me. I don't know if this is a bug, or whatever. Great game besides miner bugs. :) Can you make the other countries ask to join in a alliance with your former country. Amazing A.I needs a multiplayer Fun Troop types and effectiveness against   other troops would be cool.  Maybe even a build option to increase population growth or population cap.  Great game. Good way to kill time. All you need to know, is get the game. What are you waiting for? Stop reading this comment and download it! Are you even paying attention to me? Ah, whatever, just GET THE FRICKEN GAME!!! Listen to me! No but seriously they did an amazing job on this game, good job developers! Now get the game! Easy, uncomplicated, after half an hour the game becomes about doing the exact same thing over and over. No economics, little tactics, basically risk but you know, without the board or pawns or other useless annoying crap. 6 Stars Great game Is there a way to make custom scenarios? Loved the WWII maps! Please make a cold war version! It's unique and addictive. If there's one thing I'd request, it would be a mode that made declaring war a longer process (e.g. justifying claims). Simple concept. Great Implementation. A Game you wann to play again and again and again and...... This is the first game in the play store that never annoy me after 1 day, I suggested the app to a couple of my friends and they actually can't stop play it, really awesome, it would be great to edit a little bit the system to let the game be more hard, or personalize also your civilisation, and create other sceneries, by the way, very good job! I think you should add a button at the end of each game to replay what happened in the game I hv so much fun playing this game 1000/10 So good and great fun This game is the beat strategy game for mobile phones it's like risk but 10 times better Ale dopiero teraz dobralem sie w koncu do wlasnej kasy, bez zastanowienia kupilem gre, polecam bardzo wciagajaca produkcja. I tried it on the free version it was still so much fun thanks for creating this game Hey, do you think you can add an option to make a custom nation? I'm sure everyone would enjoy that.                   EDIT: Also, couldn't you also add zombies? Idk. Even if it's a reskin, it'll work. But add the stuff to this game. EDIT: so I'm assuming ur not going to update this game amymore. Shame. Was so fun to play. This game is awesome 10 out of 10 Games perfect, no complaints yet 😂 If u likr turn based games After only two games I'm addicted. I have long commutes to and from work but this game is so absorbing (and I haven't even started on the diplomacy properly yet). Highly recommend this to any strategy fan. This game is excellent. 4 years trying to get a strategy game I like and this is perfect. Pls add Slovakia,Austria... Please make a cold war scenario please! I would give it five stars if it had multiplayer of some kind since that would extend play time. I can't play as Sealand. This game is missing the byzantine empire, vandals, ostrogoths..............  Also could I please have smaller sections for every world, I took over France easily oh and another thing advancement in weaponry that's is a major thing in history Stupid Australia/New Zealand/Madagascar are the most annoying turds there. I love it. Just wish you can add some music I've had this app for about a year and it's without a doubt my favorite. Although, I think it could be improved with more dimensions such as international trade and the ability to create your own scenarios. I can't wait to see future developments. Addictive and Challenging, can't put it down ☺ Great strategy Perfect risk-like game Then decided to buy it, great fun. If this is awesome then think about age of civilizations 2!!!!! Great game, awesome execution. I'd like to see more ancient civilizations though, and perhaps more campaigns even? Not perfect, but very close More scenarios. But other wise awesome Simple, but a very good game. One to encourage, just one more turn! I can spend hours playing one game. Lol Turn-based, no frills. No annoyances: Pay once. Try playing on Kepler-22b! You should add the ability to create your own country Excellent game gets you thinking. The designer has done a superb work and is destined for great things Just the casual, offline, simple game I need Addictive and a good time waster Increíblemente adictivo, si te gusta la estrategia este es tu juego. This game is the best mobile game ever. But there is one problem. Everytime I'm the UK and making the British Empire, it leaves the game and the saved game said an Error eccured and all my progess is gone please fix this. It's one of my favorite games wish you could make your own country Countries will just declare war on me for absolutely no reason and it's really pissing me off. I am just sitting doing nothing and they declare war on me and take me ovwr I love it! Very addictive game.  I like the simple, old-school interface.  My suggestion would be the ability to deploy airborne troops which could potentially attack countries further afield.  Keep up the good work! brilliant Little easy once u get used to it. But all in all spot on Well worth the price paid. Company please listen, will you put in a option were I can make my own flag and country's name, I'll rate 5 stars if you do. Best and most addicting game on Play store Gives me a headache because how long i play it There is betrayal and then there is your entire alliance consisting of 2/3 of the world declaring war on you betrayal...                            I can't believe it, I'm in utter shock, like one minute I'm one country from ruling the world and then the next all my allies start stabbing me in the back... it's Ceaser all over again.            Love it Awesome game it's worth it to buy Great game. Definitely worth the $. Found it! For $2 hell yea, it's risk with better gameplay. Time goes by really fast with this game. It doesn't look that much but trust me it is fun...  Recommended for the ones who like Risk, geography, history, etc. Just have bought a full versión and it f... awesome... holy c.. a mazinger game. I've played a lot of this game and I love it so much. As a kid I played the free versions of games like this often. But they were short lived when the free version expired and they wanted me to pay. This game was a fair price though compared to those! To the point though. I would love to see a game of thrones map. It would be new and interesting. Especially if political marriages were added and a calender. It Needs More Content Alot Alot More Content Add Random Map Generation And More Civs Also Make It Harder To Win I Can Finish A Game In Like a Few Minutes Add Challanges Other Then Who Has the Highest Number Army Really good game, I've got some improvements for this game. 1. Please can u make Baltic countries separate instead of one big country. 2. I could help to translate this game into Lithuanian. It's amazing game anyway!!!! ★★★★★ Add multiplayer!  It would be amazing! A problem that I have experienced with this is that when I load the game again the country that I am playing as changes colour or sandbox mode comes on Love it Need new maps badly. woah.. really good game!! i never thought it will be this fun.  i hope developer not stop to develop this game to be more awesome Would like an update, been playing it for over a year Can you make a Roman Empire one, it Mongol Empire. Anything will do. I just love different scenarios Its a great game,  I keep playing over and over.But I think they should add more options and maps. When will the new game come out? Can be a time waster and an exercise for your brain. Cant stop playing. This game is very good and is for the people that are interested in war games and strategy. However, I've been playing this game for a long time and it is rarely updated. If it was updated more it would certainly get better reviews and more sales. Love this game. So addicting. Sent 81,000 troops at a place with 60,000 and it said I had a strong military before I sent them to fight. They all died. I love this game and I play it everytime I get bored. I think it'd be really cool if you could create a civilization, like name it and if possible upload a picture and make that your flag. If you cant add an "upload your own flag" option then maybe make some new flags that people could choose from and use them on their civilizations. Overall cool game but it'd be 10x as awesome if you added that in :) Great game, although a multiplayer feature would enhance its addictiveness, and it's overall completeness. Heck, I would pay twice as much for the game, if it did have multiplayer PvP. 4 Stars out of 5. Hi ! Could you add a mode like year 2100, with the European Union being a single country ? Can play for hours. Just wish you can attack with allies. I wish I can custumize a civilization it would be great Very fun game and even has fun scenarios you can play out Absolutely love this game. But it could do with an update or new features. Such as new scenarios,  different timelines or a new map! Game of thrones maybe? Can't get enough. First games in months I've actually paid for. I've been playing this game on and off for about a year now and I can honestly say that it's one of the best turn based strategy games on Google play. If you into strategic turn based domination games, then this game is well worth the small price. 10/10. great strategy game. worth the money. can't wait for the sequel. It is a great ,addictive game but alliances are buggy, I keep getting randomly kicked out of them near the end of the game and that all attack me plz fix Easy and fun. Must have for boredom buster moments. This game is very fun and I love everything about it but it would be so cool if you could make your own scenarios I love this game. If there was anything that you guys could add tho would be more ways to alter the map, i.e. allowing you to just have the Americas bc the whole world does take a lot of time. It doesn't show all the provinces' names. Possible additions: Custom Civilizations (make your own civilization), Custom Alliances The game is a lot of fun, but there are some things that I don't like. For one thing I think you should be able to move your capital for a certain amount of money or movement points. You should also be able to give your vassals more territory. There should also be earlier dates that you can start the game like the Roman era or ancient Greece. There should also be rebellions if you expand too fast and add like a percentage chance of a rebellion.  Other than that the game is great. I just want my money back Please make Hawaii bigger (not too big) and make it a country please it's not much to ask but please just consider it. And make a game for the Pacific please it would be awesome I've enjoyed this game a lot. Very fun And quite challenging. I loved the historic scenarios. Great job from the developer. Hours and hours of "risk" like gameplay... So much better tho! Multiplayer would be perfect for a game like this. Easy to learn and lots of fun I love this game and will recommend. But can their please be more scenarios about the colonies in the Americas or anywhere else. Other than that it's amazing. There should be the allies and central powers even before world war 1 Simple and fun. Excellent to play in the tube. Leuk spel, het begin is een beetje moeilijk te begrijpen maar verder werkt het prima. Het is ook vrij saai nadat je het een keer hebt uitgespeeld, omdat er niet veel variatie is. Best non-wifi game in the business. Needs multi-player World War 2 (1942) scenario is definitely well made. Perhaps one should be made for Operation: Unthinkable (1945) with the Western Allies versus the Soviet Union. Maybe even have the Soviets and Japanese aligned against their common enemy? This game has kept me busy for hours or on long car trips. Definitely worth the money. Easy to learn but challenging to play. I play it a lot when I travel. No network connection needed! Also its be cool if there were more maps like Middle earth Good game. Needs more scenarios soon!!!! Amazing! Title says it all this game is GREAT its simple and addicting and gotta love the replay value of this game. Can you add more provinces for at least 600 cause the asian version has more than the world one? This game is not worth the time and money.... I love it really great features and fun to play, you should add Tamriel, The man in the high castle, and for modern world put the alliances that are already set like south Korea , Japan, France and more Cool game, addicting.  Not a simple click and move - actually requires some thinking.  *dobra robota* It would be good if the Ai could make alliances with other Ai. Would make the game more of a challenge Bae This game is all I play when commuting in NYC, which is a lot. I've even seen complete strangers in public playing this game. I highly recommend this game. End of story. Good game but maybe add in some other things not just warfare like civilisation does, like keeping your population happy and food There should be a spectator mode, so you can see the AI brawl it out and see who wins. I really enjoy this game but I wish their was a setting to generate different maps instead only the two available in different sizes. Otherwise this is a great game. Amazing Need modern troops such as planes boats and nukes Solid Can u add custom civilizations I read in the features custom scenarios. What does that mean? Whenever you ally a island country they stop moving and just begin building up an army that isn't used has happened when I've allied Jamaica, Papa New Guinea, Madagascar and New Zealand all different games can only imagine the same will happen with other islands countries. Very addictive and amazingly designed game! Hey i have a favor to ask and i love your game. Can you add Borneo as a country and add a few more countries too. Id appreciate it so much! I love this game Give my money please I can't play it's not good game When I first got this app it ran fine and had no problems. But know the screen seems unresponsive when playing sometimes. It can be very difficult to accept peace or declare war. It is also hard to zoom in and out. It's a shame because I enjoyed this game very much Played it for endless hours I'd give it the 5th star of there are more maps to play but I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategy. It really could use a multiplayer option Definitely worth the money great game Have you been developing a ww1 1917 scenario I love Great game Wish they would add more things to do... Bomber planes or something. Still 5 starts though! Oh yeah, multiplayer would be cool. This is the highest praise I can think of: I bought this about a year ago, play it pretty often, and have never _ever_ wondered, "Was it really worth the couple bucks?" This game is awsome and fun but it would be heck ton better than the Roman Empire if it had multiplayer!!!!!! I would recommend this to anyone best,and most addicting mobile game EVER!!! It would also be nice if you added multiplayer to it:] I have lost days to this game, better than risk. Would be excited by a sequel with more functionality... Definitely worth buying the full game Fantastic game. No complaints. Totally worth buying the full version. Nice strategy game for killing time By far the best strategy game. A multiplayer option would make it even better. I have them all. With all the scenarios it is extremely addicting Great app for a war sim.   Ability to create a scenario would be awesome. When u do a better job than hitler It's a very addictive game, and also would be more addicting is a multiplayer option and a few new scenarios in the game would be a good update Game is amazing. Would love like a Korean War era, Vietnam War, etc. Wish I bought the Americas version. Always loved the Civil War. Game play between the demo and full version are completely different. Both are great games and is definitely worth buying the full version! Probably my favorite mobile game to date. A lot of things could be added too. The possibilities are endless. Amazing App Super addictive. Lots of fun I love it, I wish you could you make your own country 👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👌 The game is promising, but there are some flaws. For example, a computer is allowed to break a NAP the turn they make a peace deal, yet the player has to wait. Also, it is quite easy to win the game, as the computer does make some fatal flaws. It is recommendable, but it needs work. It's awesome, but maybe more scenarios, or a custom scenario mode where you can choose the civilizations...but bomb af Its drug! I can't stop to play... Simple, easy to learn, hard to master. It's the best pastime game. If only it had online or local multiplayer ... Would pay for multiplayer Plan ahead of time. Use resources wisely. Overall fantastic game! Very addictive and alot of fun to play. Plenty of territories and civilizations to battle. Great game for the price and replay ability. I hope to see the creator of the game to release somthing like the old computer game, shogun: total war. Fun game. Sometimes, non aggression pacts and alliances get weird and incomprehensible. A multi-player would be incredible. Unfortunately, you can only play the world with this version It could be better u should add forms of government to choose from for your country as well as add more scenarios and more than just 94 country games you could also add for all number countries a full so it starts with land they really own thanks hope to see this in a future update plz replay back to me thanks So i will have a good game going on lets say the hardest difficulty i will have gotten most of the way through it but i will take a break from playing for a couple of days when i come back and try to load up the save it will have deleted itself and i cant get it back. other than this problem i have with it its a great game You should make scenario where its has all the European colonial super powers and their colonies around the world like Britain for example had control of the eastern United States and Canada and Egypt sudan south Africa  india Pakistan Australia and new Zealand You can play this for hours. Really good game. No bugs. Would love more unit types. Takes forever to comple a game but it does save. Even on easy they gave me a run for my money at the end This game is the best! simple and easy to play! Very addictive! Well done! :) i would add more buildings and maybe different units for battles etc. Love it May need some different units but it's a great game addict So far no problems, it's a good, we'll made game for the phone. Hated it Great way to pass the time although I do have some recommendations,like the ability to create your own scenario,perhaps, ability to buy territory from neutral and congeries that have a positive opinion of you,and perhaps if you create a scenario you can make your own country and also in random. but easy to be addicted Great for quick games (30min or so).   Replay value would go thru the roof if more interaction options were available.  For instance other countries can either be enemies or allies and that's it.   Offer up trade routes to increase income or offer up regional or geographic advantages to the home team.   Still live the game thou. Really addicted question though how do u turn on watch each move? For some reason i thought thier was that option Wish it had sound other then that its great . Not a bad game but gets old quickly Great game!! It lags a lot on lollypop or higher.Pls fix it ,the game has a high potential. Best "risk-type" mobile game to date.. Buy full version, you won't be disappointed !! Mississippi dosent look like that you gave some of Louisiana to them and it looks really weird and also the  American map is doing what the African map used to where if you zoom all the way out the top of the map blanks out It's is an amazing app and I play it all of the time, but it seems as if I'm playing the same game over and over again. I wish the A.I.  was more even, it seems as if the same countries constantly end up winning the game. I also wish the alliances were worth more, there is basically no point in making them. The game also needs more nations for the big full nation game, like a tile for N. Korea and Sri Lanka.  Also, the game needs more scenarios, like a new world colonization, cold war and civil war scenario The game is great don't get me wrong here but a lot of countries are still missing in the scenarios. As if the landscape of the map is not made for these countries. Like: Bulgaria and Greece are in 1 territory, Albania and serbia also etc. So if the creator will listen to me and fix these stuff, that would be amazing! Hex empire lovers will fall in love with this advanced version. Worth every penny. Cant find any faults. Been playing for just over a week and just mastered hard.mode with fog of war to full. Was extremely fun. Next difficulty awaits It a good game but WHERE IS THE CUSTOM SCENARIO??? Love the game, but could you add multiplayer or at least split screen? Nuff said Juss Brillianshaft Very addictive Amaizing game even after weeks i still want MORE Amazing and addicting game. Hours of passing the time So there's just one thing missing a fallout scenario it would be great if you added that This 'strategy' game involves zero actual strategy. The whole game involves bullrushing other countries with huge armies. The winner is the country with the biggest army. Fortifications make no difference; if the other army has even 500 more men than you then you will lose. Very boring. Just rush every country near you and you will win. Nothing to spend money on other than hiring more units and pointless watch towers. cant quit play what if there was multiplayer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This game is great, if it had MULTIPLAYER it would be the best game on the app store One of the best mobile games ever Some of the best money I ever spent When you add multiplayer make it so you can play with your friends on a LAN or make it so we have to be on the same wifi. If you worldwide multiplayer it will cause havoc. People will spam, not everyone will be able to do the moves in time and can suffer. So please add multiplayer in were u have to be in the same wifi so u and ur friends can do it later. So if one guy is off the wifi, no one can continue unless they forfeit , then it becomes neutral. Or give it to the player that captured their capital. It is so entertaining and have got many friends into game but please add multiplayer and being able to create own maps/countries or more maps Thank yoooo I love this game but I wish there was an online gamemode. I love it, best strategy game. Have loads of fun and it is very addictive Game is really cool.. it is quite like risk.. rather than lite version, this one has more play-time, larger maps, etc.. so, thanks to devs :) BR I can play hours with it... :) A great way to destroy my battery percentage. So be sure to have a charger with you or something because it does the same thing as Civ V: "one more turn..." Till the end of the game The worst strategy  game I've ever played I really enjoy this game. The only problem I have it that, whatever civilizations have the most starting providences are always the most powerful mid-end game. Needs more balance for sure. Has lots of potential! Playing as the german empire in 1914 is the best!!! Easy to pick up and have a quick game. Not too detailed strategy wise so perfect for a mobile device. Addictive Changed my rating from 2 stars to 5 stars. But I think that this game has potential for more. More variables maybe, more graphics... I love you can have allies and pacts very realistic Greatest mobile game objectively. Keeps me busy for hours. If you want a strategy game, this is the one you'll want.... Can't seem to put it down it even has diplomatic relations with neighbours!! Hi. I enjoyed this game a lot in how it works. Can I make a suggestion to add a new map beside keplar and earth. Could you add in the map of tamriel from the elder scrolls series please. It would make the game more fun I would think Fantastic I love this app it's so enjoyable conquering land and making money but I wish countries could be accurately right with land disputes like states and let's say we had China like why not put cities in like Beijing or Hong Kong or shanghai to be economic growers Modified risk, easy to learn, loads of fun to play over and over again The mechanics are perfect! The game just needs some sound for more immersion. Considering the amount of time spent on this game, it is definitely worth the cost. Hi dev, im getting out of memory msgs, on larger maps. Any ideas what this is? Very fun and easy to learn game, very challenging and addictive and is worth the money. Unbelievable game, only possible flaw I can find is the absence of a multiplayer mode. And endless replay value, great game! Favourite games on my phone cannot stop playing I paid for it but it won't download. Already tried 3 times. I loved the trial version and wanted the full. I loge the game and I have an idea for a zombie update Wow. I bought this game months ago and I just came onto the play store and see it in #6 of paid games with 100k+ downloads. Truly incredible and hope your other age of civilisations games do just as well :D Easy to play and very fun Hey Lukasz I love your game and the fact that you're actually improving it is great. Could you tell me a bit what you're planning to do in the future to make it even better? Can we plz be able to make our own countries and own flag. Still a realy good game. The option to make alliances before starting the game though? Like the new WW2 setup or Cold War scenario on the Euro version for custom scenarios. Not a bad game, but diplomacy is nearly impossible. You can literally unite the entire globe under one alliance, save a country or two, and the entire alliance will turn on you before you establish relations with that final country or two. Believe me, I've tried. Many times. This game gets you hooked on for ages and is the best one available! Definitely worth paying for the full version! How often do you update the game Lukasz if so when will the next roughly be? I do love this game a lot but some suggestions. First when you make an alliance you should be able to name the alliance or something. You should be able to name your own country. Also make it like there could be rebellions within a country possibly like maybe a rebellion could brew and your country could split. But don't make it too complicated. It's a really simple and fun game to play I love it 5 stars A very well made strategy game Its super fun but I'd like to have a custom mode where you could choose from any civilization and make your own game through it!!! Perfect for something to do when your bored Lovee this gamee, awsome strategic game It's a great game...keep up the work Wish their was a multiplayer This game is amazingly fun. I just wish you could do more with alliances like control their attacks. Also another cool thing would be building a air field to fly over troops to another zone. One more thing is secret attacks inside an enemies territory or start a civil war inside a country. But other than that, I recommend the hell out this game. At first glance i was unimpressed, but after understanding the mechanics it got really addictive 96 countries at the start of play. Although many will disappear within ten minutes. I prefer to have conquered countries set up as vassals that over time (and with financial support) build up military strength. Creating allies of other countries is great for combating much larger entities.  In all I love this game. I feel that the different nationalities should have been carried forward, such as the game being set to ensure as many make it into the later stages, even as neutral states and smaller empires. The game has a very simple and easy to grasp concept to it. I like how strategy can be simple and complex at the same time. I would like to see random generated maps done day to add to the difficulty. This game is very addicting and fun I also got the europe one as well! This game is addicting and doesn't eat your battery. This an all around good game. All this thing really needs though is a Scenario editor. Amazing game, but the diplomacy feature is extremely buggy. Sometimes my allies go against me out of nowhere and you never know when it will happen. Also, sometimes other countries ignore pacts. 5 stars if you can fix this issue. Nice job for making this games Łukasz please...😢😢😢 I play all 4 of the games and they are all great. No ads or iaps. The ai is copetant and challenging. Overall, way better than anything else. I am a frugal person when it comes to apps, but this was worth the 2 dollars. If the creator charged even more he could do, that that is how much I enjoy it. Never had a dull moment and it was always enjoyable. A really fun game. Glad I bought it Bought the demo, loved it, bought the full game, couldnt get enough! so i bought ALL your Age of Civilization games, DEFINATELY worth the pay! This game is the same everytime you play. It's essentially a one-player, slightly more complex Risk on your phone. If only there were a lot more games like this one Addicted Flawless game, very addicting, found myself attached to a round that lasted at least 5 hours! It's one of those games that is easy to learn but difficult to master. Loved the game, very addicting. 5 stars all the way Awesome Awesome game to kill a few hours each day. I do wish it was more in depth, and there were more maps to choose from, not really a fan of the Kepler Map. If they made continental maps, with smaller regions that would be great. Fun as hell A very fantastic game, can't wait for a potential new game to be created. AWESOME game, but if you made an online play, local play, pass and play or any other sort of multiplayer variant, it would definitely be a 5 star game in my opinion. Thanks for the consideration! Entertainment for hours. It's very simple, but an outstanding  strategy game. You can have a quick fight when using lite version or rule the world and play for hours. Suitable to every mood and place ;) Simple yet brilliant Can't stop playing this game on my spare time, much appreciation to the developer!  The only (possibly) issue I'm having is I can't form alliances in extreme mode- meaning that whenever I attempt to form an alliance, nothing happens in the next turn- no rejection, no acceptance, only the fact that the alliance option becomes inaccessible (red). Perhaps alliances can't be formed in extreme difficulty? On my Samsung S3 I loved this game, so when I got my new phone i decided to buy it again. Unfortunately it runs extremely slow. I would like to receive a solution to make this game smoother otherwise I would like a full refund. I would have gave this a 5 stars if it ran well. Play small area, or buy full version for under $3 and conquer the world with alliances made with other countries, make pacts, and peace at the right times to win the game! Reminds me of a WWII game. It's good. Luv all the scenarios and sandbox mode...love the Kepler map... Definitely this game should have 5 stars, but currently it too buggy. Especially disappointing bug is enemy attack in the next turn after accepting of piece agreement. From other side you cannot attack in this case. Love this game but the saves keep deleting, but other than that amazing game Zooming in and out doesn't work on moto x 2nd generation Better keep an eye on the time because that "one last turn" will keep you going for hours. It also had me sold at no special permissions. Very few apps don't want full access to your phone and network. A option to rename countries and play as your own "Empire Of Baltics" instead of Poland. Just a lil textbox... It's is a good game don't get me wrong but every time I start a game and pause it, to come back to it later it deletes the game One question tho what exactly determines the score? Probably one of the most addictive games I've ever played, really good concept and is easy to get to learn When you like the game Risiko or other games of the same kind, this game will fit perfect in your games collection. Thumb up★★★★★ I have long breaks at college so this fills the gap nicely. Recomended, I've spent hours passing time on this. This game is a great way to pass the time or to seriously sit down and play. Poland stronk russia we war yuo Update is amazing i have one suggestion which is a complete sandbox mode where you can make alliances with countries before the game starts and also where you can select bits of land and make them your own. Also i really enjoyed WWII full i would love to see another full scenario with premade alliances. Can you tell me why in 96 countries map and a few more, Bulgaria is missing and it is merged with Greece? It is annoying, they are about the same size, any reason to merge them into Greece? I think there are a lot of maps you can find in google... ;) Love the game can't wait to get More scenarios This app is amazing. I was a bit skeptical over wether to spend money or not but once I got the lite version I was hooked. The only possible suggestion I have is letting us set up our own scenarios however we want. If I could I would give 6/5 Its awesome and addictive, and it even doesn't consume a lot of battery power like other games, btw what does out of memory mean? Or how to fix it, cuz I can't play bigger maps anymore Please work on graphics Love the game, its hard to put down. Thx so much for putting in so many black countries I've never had that option in any of these games before. Highly recommended! Add a scenario based on the "legend" book series that's what people look for fantasy worlds (most addictive game I've ever played mobily Well worth the 2 & change it cost. Great tun based game. Best app I ever bought! Awesome Worth the pay. Hours of fun and excitement.its also very addictive This is probably the best risk-like game I've ever played! In some ways, it's even better than Risk! But please, put a multi-player option! My friends and I are dying to play with each other from our mobiles! This game is fun and addicting, I love all the different scenarios and stuff. Also, you should make an age of civilizations tamriel, that would be awesome Very addictive and a challenge. Not for a quitter Movement is tricky at times. The AI is irritating. I don't understand the point system. You should make a scenario with all the European colonial superpowers like Britain France Spain Russia Germany and all those superpowers of the 1700's Really cool So much better than risk. Easier than Civ I love this game but it drains the battery too much. Please fix asap then it will definitely deserve 5 stars I play this game everyday, and this game calms me down and relaxes me. Thank you. Great strategy game! I love it! Yes it may be pricey for an app but well worth it! I cant wait for updates I want 1865 and 1775 catagorys please Very adictive. The war scenarios are great, like WWII Almost had the thing won, and then all of a sudden my alliance turns on me and starts attacking my provinces. Htf does that happen? It's really well made, constructed strategy sim.  I just wish there was more maps/allowance for custom flags. This game is very addictive, easy to play and I haven't run into any bugs. If you like strategy games like this then you'll love it! I have never had so much fun for only 2 bucks.  This turn-based strategy game is easy to play and hard to put down.  You know how it is... "Just one more turn ...". - It's pretty fun and some realistic, since in the real world big countries will always stomp on the smaller ones.                                                         - Does get some what repetitive after a while. Amazing game took 1 or 2 games to get everything but it is so addictive. I would love to have more control over the economy of my country and when I annex a country It'd be good to receive all or their troops Only thing I would add is custom factions. Upload a picture as a flag and choose a name or something. Thanks so much. Don't know why people are complaining over $2.50 for a great game worth every penny. Maybe add a total version sometime? All the versions into one massive world. That would take hours of not days to complete? Great game 1.) Colonies can be created 2.) Colonies are self-governing but still must support the ruler militarily and financially. 3.) Treaties can be mediated between warring nations. 4.) Money can be lended/borrowed and vice versa, along with mercenaries. Colonies can also revolt against colonial rulers. These are purely suggestions. Whether or not they're taken seriously won't change my point of view on these games. I've been wondering, is there a way to change the names of the provinces? Because I see province names in the "what's new" area and I'm not sure what it means There aren't enough games where every country is on any reasonably close footing to start. Most have several countries all grouped together with others isolated with plenty of free space to expand. It leads to seriously lopsided games, which when played on the hardest difficulties makes it nearly impossible to win with every country, even if played well. Other scenarios have some countries start with large areas and others with nothing, yet give no advantage to those with nothing. Realistic, not fun. Fun It's a good strategy game. The only problem that I have with it is that the ai can just spam units. Also a big empire can grow so big that is almost impossible to take them out. Great game I just wish for random games you could pick where your capital starts The only problem is once you start playing its hard to stop Enjoying this game. Hope ye keep working on it as i can see it becoming repetitive. Fun civ war syrat game conquer the world Its a good game but it deletes saved games frequently. 😢 GREAT Love the game I've been playing it for over a year now and its still really fun to play I love this Haven't found a better game on the app store, so much fun, very excited about AoC 2 look out for that guys, but defenitely get this game it is an app that should come with every phone Drag numbers from one oddly shaped box to another and watch other numbers increase or decrease as compelled bt the AI. Very few variables but like,good waste of time. Maybe worth $2! Excellent game worth the money I paid We should have the ability to create our own civilization that would be great U have made all the maps of the world, but if you were to make the world in smaller provinces it would be my favorite game on playstore other wise i love your games keep up the good work plz Absolutely no idea why this game isn't one of the most famous on the play store. One of the best turn based civilisation conquest games I've come across. Simple rules let you jump straight into the action straight away Very nice game, it does what its meant to, but it gets too repetitive after a while. Great game! Love it Awesome Love it Love this games wish the developers would add nukes that would be so cool There is no Bulgaria and on the pictures you can see it. I wanted to play with my country not bloody greece. Please consider adding custom faction names in the future. Amazing game! It's really fun to play and its better than other games because it doesn't restrict the number of troops you could have in a single space. Very Worth the money. Great game. U guys nailed this one ty. Used to play Civilisation many years ago, this I think is better.  Enjoy I hesitantly purchased this and have not regretted it since. This is an amazing game in every way. It's even better than risk, and quite honestly the best strategy game I have ever found on android. 5/5 any day. Fantastic game. Once you play a match or two you will understand all the key components.  Super addicting! I have a Huawei mediapad x2...and it doesnt start...it tries to load something but it stops....this used to work on my old samsung mega By far the most perfect strategy game out there! Should be worth alot more than just £1.39 loved it It's a fun game, it has enough complexity to take a while. But the most fun thing about it is that you can have a huge amount of computer players. This can increase the difficulty to a point that makes you play and play and play. I enjoyed it though like any game it does begin to wear after 8 hours straight of playing. But the fact that you can play it for 8 hours and not really notice means it has fun mechanics. For the price a really fun time wasting games. I bought all of the AoC games created, and intend to buy the African one should it be created. However looking through the comments i'm seeing plenty of people asking for new unit types, ships and nukes. DO NOT add these things, or if you do make it a choice to have them or not. This isn't world conqueror, the game is great as it is and adding these things would rid it of its value. The enjoyability of it is it's freedom of imagination, your not tightly bound to a certain time. Don't add these things. I love Risk based games. And, overall, this is a pretty good version. But so many clicks to attack or move. How about introducing swiping to move? Also moves should default to all and allow you to select less. If not... Click to select. Click to move. Click where to move to. Adjust slider. Click check mark. That's *1* move. Never mind the mail is HUGE. Most addictive game ever Lots of fun and really compelling. Simple. Sadly it has some bugs that'll delete your game or army. Definitely would recommend this to friends. Especially for the price paid, I have no complaints. It is fun and once you start it's easy to say "just one more turn , oh go on then one more" before you know it an hour or two has gone by. What does Vassal mean? Great playing game. Yet to have a crash (on a note 4). Game has tremendous replay value with many different types of prebuilt in game scenarios. Just needs a better way to select a quantity of troops. This game is so addicting and fun, any strategy game lovers out there, this is a must buy!!! I start playing expecting a game to go for an hour but I found myself playing it for 4 hours, right up to 3am last night :') Its a great time killer as well, I love the different time periods like the World War 2 era and so many more. Please just get this game :') Its what every game needs to be like, there are no ads or micro transactions. When you buy the game it's the actual full game!!! Doesn't compare to even free browser games Took a go or 2 to get used to but then got really addicted. Takes a while to take over the world and it can be really hard, especially if you try go it alone - alliances are key.  Would be far better if you could see soldiers, boats etc.(even if just a little picture under the number) Also sometimes shows one civ owns a province but in fact is someone else.  Minor detail but it's there.  Otherwise great, well worth a quid.  Try Lite first - i had one go n paid It said the game have spanish lenguage but dont have it I certainly enjoyed it, developed strategies and played for many hours. Would definitely recommend Best game on Android so far, massively addicting :) also enjoy the Europe, Americas and Asian versions too. Kinda been waiting for some new maps like kepler 22b for maybe... over a year now? I would PAY $$ for some new unique maps even. Don't keep us waiting too long!! I've played perhaps 1000+ games so far and I still love it. Keep making this AWESOME game even MORE AWESOME!!!! (Been noticing for a while that on hard and mainly extreme difficulty alliances are IMPOSSIBLE, why... Who knows???) ADD NUKESSSSS NOWWWWWWW This game is awesome especially this version which I play alot You should add an air force navy and nuclear weapons development in countries that reach a certain size itll make diplomacy more interesting and realistic. Such an amazing game though keep up the hard work! Oh and also consider making the canary, Hawaiian, and Falkland islands provinces for more territorial purposes. Also make ai create alliances among themselves and allow countries to cooperate with each other And multiplayer cant wait for that Amazing Just bought the game its So addictive and fun!! Easy to understand best $2.00 i spend on a game!! Good but it would be great if you could edit a map create your own country's maps everything please do it if you can!! Please Update with new kepler type maps and more sandbox options, like the ability to create alliances and set movement points per turn separately pre-game. It gets somewhat boring and very repetitive after a few games as it is I don't se any reason not to give it 5 stars. This game is easy to learn, simple, and fun. There is so much gameplay to it... I've spent about 100+ hours on it so far. This game is super addicting Has much bigger potential. Add factories and weapons. 유료게임중 가장돈이 안아깝습니다 Too simplistic Awsome Great game but can u add a cold war scenario that would be unreal The game is good, but the way they made it is just ugly. Even the icon is bad. Game reminds me of EU4 by Paradox. Just as challenging if not more so in some cases. If you enjoy Europa Universalis 4 then this game be for you. GREAT game worth the money What a Napoleonic war scenario? Or for a large update, elaborate on some places as their own maps and do civil wars Love every aspect of it. I really like strategy-based games. And if you do too, I highly recommend it. Awsome! Risk 2.0 You should make a world imperial Europe mode, from when Europe had control over most of the world. New game modes every once in a while would really be worth the money Won't load a game refund please Great game I had like 90 regions then Mongolia just came (my ally) and took my whole country over. Made me extremely mad. Add relationships like "how much they like you". So you know if they could be OK to trust or something. But I would like to see multi-player The game is really fun but I wish it had the Aztec empire in it. But far too easy I've played this for a year now. Great game Just a good quality strategy game But where is the world war II mode? I don't see it I wan't a singel device multiplayer mode Take over the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Only thing is if you can add the 13 colonies against Britain, or the when it was U.S Revolution? If you can that would be great Love the game, just that when I click, the response is lower down than where I clicked. Good keep up the good work love to play it every day My only wish is for a multiplayer extension. Perfection otherwise. Best game on my phone.    Constructive Criticisms:          Consider Adding Multiplayer mode.                        Create a scenario pack with all provinces but a limit to how many you can use and a country sub selection i.e. if you chose Germany: Modern Germany, Kingdom of Prussia & Nazi Germany are the sub selections. But great game anyway :D Its a super fun and addicting game but I don't know how to form an alliance I've tried a lot of things but they never accept plz help!!! Very engrossing. Played the Lite editions and ended up buying the full game- the first app I've ever paid money for. Well worth it 10/10 I tried to play a second game but got bored of same actions over and over... Not worth paying for it... Could use additional maps 1. More historical scenarios like: Macedonian (Alexandrian) Empire Era, Helenistic Age, Roman Empire Era, Seven Year's War Era, Napoleonic Era, World War I, Cold War. 2. Better Diplomacy options, more autonomy to Vassals and bring the ability for them to revolt and become independent. 3. Better Alliances in historical scenarios (example The Allies not waging war among themselves in World War II ect ect). 4. More buildings and less spamming of units. 5. Better Historical Vassals/Colonies. :) Worth the money I have purchased all the games and I must say, I was a little dissatisfied with the America version. This is due to geography only though, on top of extra fictional maps I feel that a multiplayer version would add to the experience. You see, once I have became a main power in the game, the AI becomes easy to overcome even on extreme difficulty. I bet real players would be a good challenge, keep up the good work!.. PS.. a scrambled geography of the earth would be very exciting! Best World Domination (Risk Type game) Game They Is. Instead of being on a game board with limited pieces & countries, Its a beautifully crafted strategic WAR game. Im not sure if the AI/Real People that can sign into your game can actually fill the current amount of countries 94+? Bottom line, its worth every cent of the $2 to buy the non lite version (Pro) because of the MMMMAÀANNNNYYY EXTRAS available & not limited like in the lite version. Custom maps made by users, from Pangaea, WW2, to Modern Day. 5* If the game was free or 50% cheaper it'd be a five star fantastic app... Unfortunately comparatively with similar priced games it's left a little short. If you enjoy civ or total war games it's definitely the game for you but it's hardly challenging and sometimes a little linear (economy could be improved massively and it's too easy to raise a huge army like Hitler or napoleon) perhaps infrastructure like roads etc could be added to give each 'province' more depth and complexity. All in all decent game. I just love it, everything new is a bonus and adds to the fun. DEFINITELY worth the money, also adding new features won't hurt ;) Conquered Africa as the democratic republic of Congo. Forced Canada out of Europe while launching a sneak attack on them in north America. Slowly waged a war of attrition against Canada, thousands died, land was razed, conquered the world.  10/10 would make the world bow to a 3rd world dictator again. I really enjoy all aspects of this game. The one thing i wish it had is a multiplayer mode so i can play with my friends. Awesome and ottomans will be returns A truly great game. Works flawlessly and is very addictive. Strategy is a must but there is no "nickel and diming" to win. The management aspect of just right giving some depth but not requiring an hour for each turn. I would like to thank the developers. This game is great fun. This game is loads of fun if you like strategy games this one is for you. Love the game, very addictive. Good for strategic players,  but I have a recomend that y'all add a multi player , where you can play against other people around the world or just friends in regular. I think it would attract more players. Best game i got simple but fun easy to learn and can be played over and over Easily the best most addictive android game I've played. It's like a toned down, quick version of crusader kings. Great work! ❤❤ AI can spread much faster than is possible for you on hard & extreme which ruins the game play, should keep the strengths of AI the same on difficulties but just increase AI aggression and tactics. Good game just needs tweaking to improve realism then it would be great. This is my favorite game Awesome game, please update it more. Would really appreciate new scenarios or a way to download user created ones -paid customer If you like risk, try it. Im addicted. For 5 stars, add support for screen rotation please...NVM... FOUND IT! Its fun and simple😀 I've been spending hours on this game. Great Hey Lukasz,  I really love your games . Therefore, I purchased almost all of them. I am willing to give you a 5 star if I would play this game with bluetooth. It is kinda for 2 people. That would definitely be awesome! Hope you can do it something about it. Looking forward to hearing from you! This is literally the only game I play on my phone anymore. The only ways I can see it improved is if the other civilizations could ally with each other and a Medieval era. I feel that since the ai have no capability to form alliances,  that if one is formed ,  the game is too one sided,  other than that,  absolutely fantastic. KIM YAPTIYSA SUPER OLMUS ELLERINE SAGLIK KNK Love it What if you could make another country ally with the other ones. So it could be more harder when ever you ally with another one. So it's probaly like making a scenario. Pls do an update on this Wish u could buy and sell  territories.      Also add create nation along with smaller islands Only if the dev integrated some features from the original total war games, this gane would be perfect. Also a steam version would make this game complete Please add it to where I can make my own civilization! I would love that! Awesome game heres a quick suggestion why not a multi player function. I dont  mean with different devises I mean like a pass and play type thing so you can play with frinds and family. I never rate apps or games, but I felt these developers truly deserve a great rating. This game is simple, but satisfying, exciting, addictive and great fun! I look forward to see how this game evolves into a phenomenon. But it would be really nice if it would allow us to make our own scenarios Should add fatigue of soldiers and soldier experience that the longer the army survives the better they do or something like that Every time I reload a saved game after closing the app, my country turns entirely red. Not a game-breaking bug at all, but it's a bug nonetheless. Love the game though! :) Love it simple but fun though I think you can add a bit more to the game Best board strategy game I've seen on Android!!!!  Could have better graphics and more maps, but still awesome. Although the extreme difficulty isn't extreme. It actually is the easiest most. In your capital it give you unlimited recruitment. So on my first turn I already had 10million unit and I conquered the world within 50 turn Is there any way y'all could do a Game of thrones edition? I think it would be awesome. It a great game. I hope you will add and make your own country or countries that will game willing good Its THE BEST GAME EVER 20/10 I enjoy the game,could use improvments but very enjoyable This needs more maps. Also it's too easy even on extreme mode. Absolute greatest strategy game. Would be cool if other countries formed alliances, instead of always being on their own. It is really difficult to move troops around and relies too much on the numbers, it's like risk but without the chance of beating the odds. Without the hope that makes risk unique. Also can't turn phone on its side for game play. It's like expensive risk without being compelling or simple. Albania Definitely not a button pusher game, you truly have to strategize and plan if you want to win. I get stuck for hours playing this game. My only suggestion would be that at times it can be very difficult to click the smaller provinces because of this scaling/clicking issue. Other than that, I love the game and would pay for it again! Keep it up! I think something happening. But?  No. I dont understand anything what s going on. Y'all should make a Atlantis one You guys need to make more updates and more cool senireos also make it so on sand box mode you. Can make an one you want join your alliance I rarely bother with reviews, but I feel this one of the best games avalible on the google play store! Age of Civilization is an addicitive turn based strategy game, it shares a similiarity to Civ 5 and Risk. The only improvement I can think of would be fleshing out the diplomacy option. Perhaps alliances are easier to make at the start, and as the game and relationships change, ties become more solitified. When's the next update? Best game ever Best game When I try to rotate my screen the game doesn't rotate with it. It also seems very buggy for something I paid $3 for.... Great game overall, and is very good at keeping me occupied, but I would rate five stars if more scenarios were added like the cold war,american civil war,and the napoleonic wars. Also it would be really cool if you could make your own country and possibly make its flag by choosing a picture in your gallery. Im a risk fanatic, please give us unit types & make regions smaller to allow longer games, I win too quickly. And could you add individual US States? An 1863 scenario, maybe an EU idk lol. Oh and of course i want nukes. for example you could drop one on a province and it can no longer be used? Pacts should also be indefinite i hate renewing them, let them exist until I or the AI ends it manually. And add more island nations please, especially Hawaii and Taiwan. id love to see this game expanded more. Add the ability to maintain peace,and have supplies and stuff, add more stuff Great for passing time. If you like to build up power with your chosen country and literally conquer the world this app is for you. A must play if you like world maps like stantafor I've played for well over a year before deciding to review it when i redownloaded, this is my favorite time-killer on droid.  Easy to learn, and oh-so-satisfying, absolutely worth the few dollars to support the dev. Time flies playing this game. My suggestion would be to change what happens when you take an enemy capital. Many times I have taken over a whole continent by simply having a huge naval attack on the capital and surround provinces. It seems a bit unrealistic. Perhaps if would be better if the civilization split into factions when it's capital is conquered. Some provinces join your civilization, some remain as they are and perhaps others becone some special anarchist nation. Perfect time killer. When you start a new game, you can't stop until you finish it. Fantastic.nothing to say.simple strategy game.but it's fun.good job to developer..now i have download all of this.age of civilization asia,euro and america. LOVE ZE GAME!!! just please make it to where we can name our civ Very fun game. Risk with a twist is almost dead on. I would also like new missions or unit types ,anything  that will make the game more intricate or difficult would be awsome. If thats not gonna happen maybe another difficulty setting would help. The game is so simple yet so addictive,  I definitely recommend playing I love it and have completed all Google achievement, this game is worth my money, tho it could have more maps, a bit sad that its 4 games, when its such a great game if it was one This game is just a thinly veiled movement of numbers. There is little strategy available. If your numbers are first, good for you. If your numbers are last, bad for you. Too often there is a land grab between two states, and they both attack an opponent, and both irrevocably  go to war afterward. It's a bad game. If you love risk this is the game for you The game has issue, in the achievement I reach 2million recruit troops twice but it didn't count as achievement reach or 3 million achievement Favorite game for phones:) This game is very well crafted! As a developer, I can see all the little details that needed to be thoughtout! Wonderful work! Add it. I love it but only wish it was multiplayer I like the other's I've completed almost every Google achievement and would like more objective based games. Also i the WWII setting the soviet union is way over powered. Otherwise it's a lot of fun if you have the time. I now have 2 games on my phone, and this is the best one I have found. Just one thing, it's difficult to zoom in and out sometimes; the game is good enough for that small detail to be overlooked though. Great Game!! If sid  Meister civilization. Had a good port to mobile this would be it Its a decent game but u cannot play it on the LG g2 and g3 at all so until optimised i cannot give it a 5 Decent game. Simple controls and rules but the strategy can get pretty fun. The missing star is for the times countries declare war on me even though we have a pact. Great game it should have more options to do with the government of your country Played the game for a while and realized my phone was warming up. Checked my battery consumption in the Android settings and this game accounted for about 12% of my battery consumption. Normally my battery will last all day with about 25 or 30% left when I plug in for bed, and my phone is already down to 8% at 4:30pm. I will only be able to play the game when I'm on AC power. Disappointing. I only wish we had more maps, that and maybe more provinces would make it perfect. Wow such a great simple game.  Very easy to pick up and play and very addicting. It has the civilization problem of "just one more turn"  I highly recommend this to any fans of turn based strategy! Great game great fun, and this goes to all of them Very good.  But gets repetitive after a while I enjoy playing this game. Played about 40 times (different civs, scenarios, difficulty levels etc.) - for example: now I play on max fog of war, highest difficulty (extreme), earth 400%, islands civs - just won as Madagascar ;) in 39 turns. And now I'm finishing as Philippines. Love this game, lost few times, (for example as Canada in 1936{I think- don't remember the scenario now), but that made the game even more challenging and interesting. The enemy is quite clever, but you can use diplomacy to help you Really good game keeps me busy for hours ! I would like to see a napoleon type era map. Please do it then I wil be happy When you start everything looks quite simple. However other civilisations seem to spread much quicker than you can. Once you take over another area, it isn't long before you are attacked and lose everything you have gained. This game becomes boring very quickly. Total waste of money. Love this game but just need a better diplomacy and balancing Good Love this app and all the other versions. Few suggestions of course, 1 add more scenarios to all different versions, like the Napoleonic war in the European one, French and Indian one American one and the Mongol conquest in the Asian one, all with there full territory during that period. 2, add a bit more of North Africa in the European one and Alaska and North Canada in the American one. 3. Improve the economy system by turning some areas into industrial or commerce areas which give a higher % of income. I love it but there is a problem with game why did you set when using creative mode that you set it that if there's a small error deletes my save it annoying and will go down with the rating if it continues Gossip iS like solo coll hat is dat at lat bloop pinos Dude can you add the Armenians? I love it but make other countries ally with each other A really awesome game. It would be really cool if you could play against friends. Just a suggestion. This game will entertain you for hours. If you like cheating, put on sandbox. The resources system is great, and the custom color is cool. I wish the United States had the sates individually. I wish that you could start with the countrys owning all of their respective land, Russia starts at Moscow and South Korea or China takes over half of Russia before you get a chance. Some countries are screwed in there position. Venezuela always gets smashed between Columbia and Brazil. Love the game though I love this game just wish it was more in depth with the economy and what you can offer in diplomatic decisions Please make maps bigger, i finish my games relatively quickly now even on hard. A map with more provinces would be nice. Carve up the existing provinces into even smaller regioms ones and give us that map, please. Also id recommend adding more features when it comes to attacking. Its very numbers based theres not much risk its all about who has the bigger army. Game is great in practice, nice little fun, but it runs really slowly on my HTC 1, which is pretty unacceptable, lack of sound also detracts from making some semblance of atmosphe whatsoever. Booooooo Absolutely beautiful Keeps me entertained. It would be nice to be able to cancel move orders. Also, occasionally the numbers showing where my troops are disappear, but the troops are still there and I can move them. Mostly on ocean tiles. GOOD RISK/AGE OF EMPIRES HYBRID WITHOUT THE TROOP MANAGEMENT & UPGRADING. A CHALLENGING & ADDICTIVE GAME NEVERTHELESS FOR RTS FANS. FINE EFFORT Не покупайте этот отстой Loved this game!!  One thing though. Can you change it so that nations are not solely given strength on size of nation but on power in real time. For example UK in modern world is way more powerful than say Brazil . But as it is only on size Brazil will easily out power the UK. So can you make it that countries which are stronger in power (like UK, US, FRANCE etc.) have like troop advantage. And maybe less powerful countries (like quite a few African countries) have the opposite. Thanks! My fav game! I feel like this game is challenging but would be more fun if you were able to join a game or create a game with friends I am just loving it. Still playing at Easy mode but planning to play in normal mode. Wish u could be every country like czech rep and etc The game is insanely awesome, but I would like to see a version with the american civil war involved. I think it would be a bit better with it in the game. Also, love the WWII version. Love every minute of the game I'd give 5 if I could move a set amount of units multiple provinces over the course of the consecutive turns. And have it take the amount out of my move points automatically. It just gets tedious moving units from a non hostile side of your empire to another. awesome game! i just wish there was a much larger map to scale the world with every state and proviences in the world to play a long huge match! What this game should have is where you can create alliances before the game starts and you can controll the countries in that alliance this is a excellent game. I've been playing for months! When I started I played free for about 2 months and then bought it. No regrets I'm about to spend a bit more money with this company on the new Age of Civilizations the Americas. Can't wait! Maybe you could make it more colorful and maybe add some animation here in there, once you do that, the game can be a true masterpiece. Love the game! Extremely basic cant really build things the only strategy is movving army Class game need i say anymore Love it. Would love a game of thrones or some other fantasy world. Passes time too well The game is good but it needs pvp I play it wayyyy too much Lovely jubly Thanks for addressing those issues. This is probably one of the best games on Android. How come AI can change diplomacy and attack all without any notification? Love the new WW2 map. It is nice they added the alliances. To make it more realistic GG. Not challenging enough This game is great, love it so much. Always wanted a game like Risk but with more strategy and realism. Would like more game modes though! One of my all time favorite games. Great game! :D You should be able to set the computers alliance and yours before you start the game By far the best Risk-like game available at the moment!!! This is one of my favorite game to play just to pass time or for fun. I would love multiplayer. Multiplayer for 5 stars! Expand diplomacy options and add relations such as happy because at war with france Should add names on the map I love this game but can you please update it more often The game doesn't install on my phone!!! I like the concept of creating vassels but I think the idea could be expanded upon. I would like to be able to incorporate more provinces for a vassel so it can be powerful enough to expand without my main civilization's army rather than just being a minor reinforcement. It wud also be cool we cud make vassel kingdoms that can expand while our civ is recognized as an empire. My favorite game-play is the full modern, and full historical maps (1914,1936) would love to see more historical scenarios such as; roman empire, dark ages, Napoleonic empire, colonial era, etc. Great game! --P.S. I dig the new 1942 scenario, cool! Finale  figured game out.and love it. The perfect game A challenge even on easy. You can be quickly overwhelmed if you get in to too many conflicts I love this game, I recently bought the full version and you may not think it's any different from the Lite one, but it is. There are way more nations, more timer periods, and a sandbox mode like in Asia Lite. I love this game Add a way for your vassals to revolt against you if you dont please them enough. This would allow for some interesting internal political gameplay Need colorblind assist!!! And colors for friends and enemys and neutral Absolutely great. Great AI's, good political systems, and simple. It would be nice if you could add an extra strategy elements of your design. Also it'd be nice to buy territories Idea- a cold war map I love the game but an option that could be cool is if we could give land to our allies. It's great game , but where the custom scenario? Either a in depth "risk" game, or an over simplified turn based strategy game,  either way it's fun, though I wish it had more options in the diplomacy and that when playing scenarios like 1936 you had preset alliances. Otherwise playing as Germany is doomed due to position, and the immersion is ruined when you see mexico defeating usa, and Britain invading France with Greece allied to russia- post recent update thanks a ton, really fun game 10/5  stars lol Burned soup because of this game.... No dinner tonight. 11/10 would buy again. You should really add a custom scenario update. That would be EPIC I love it but one addition could be to add a form of shipping, and the ability to put trade  embargos on said shipping lines. I think if y'all could add some maps and more detailed diplomacy and land agreementts within that i would be a very happy man Kinda like risk with a twist. If you like strategy games, risk, civilization etc. This game is a must. Also check the European and American maps for more detail and fun. 5/5 top stuff Love the game. Keeps me entertained for a long time. Id like to see a few things added: The ability to turn OFF vassals, in sandbox mode and in random mode be able to pick what countries you want to play against.  Also I love the Keplar map, so maybe more options for maps? Like one thag only has islands? Just a few ideas to make for some different gameplay.      It would be cool to even name your own country and add a flag to it.    Also add in the countries that were left out... even if they are tiny!  :D 10/10 If it could rotate it would be a definite 5 star As said in the title this has lots of potential. In my opinion the next step is to make it more realistic. My list is to 1 make the AI's diplomacy and overall intelligence  better 2 more resources 3 more buildings 4 add units than a number of soldiers say batalions, regements etc. 5 more buildings factories, recruitment centers, power plants, ore refineries etc. 6 more providences 7 more advance diplomacy such as a way to trade land etc. If you could eventualy add these features it would make the game go from great to amazing One of the best games I have ever played! I love this game, but I would add more mode games and scenarios I really wish you could create your own scenarios! I want to play as Scotland and Prussia, but in their proper spots, with proper neighbors! More scenarios PLZ A great game to play when you have nothing else to do. My suggestion would be to make alternate history maps (WW2, civil war, country revolutions, etc.) Keep up the good work. It is fun 1.WWI.                               2.American Revolution.              3.new maps.                                     4.a rebellion.                              5.make your own country.           6.have AI to allie you.                         PLZ! Add a new buildings like a factory nukeclear power plants and such because once you become big country you can can every war. Add like tanks planes ships artillery missiles etc could make the game more fun then what it is already. Love it. Great game Extremely in depth game. Tutorial could be more involved though I swear I have played this game over and over and over and its still fun!! Even with how simple it is it still keeps me excited, I have no ideas to make it better because its already perfect!! Thanks civilization team for giving me something to do at any point on the day. Long car rides, and admitily even on the toilet, so again thank you and good luck with everything in the future!! why is usa in the greatest civilsations yet egypt hitties persia for example are not what makes usa so special Love this game. It's exactly what I've been looking for in a strategy game. A lot of thanks to the developer! If your creating north America map I have some ideas Civil War the time that nations had colonies in north America. And add colonisation pls This new game type is amazing! Keep making more! Thanks you! I also bought the other Age of Civilization, Europe, It's what I mostly play on. But the game needs more features. 1. There should be a feature for customizing your own country. 2. You should be able to buy, sell, trade with your allies. 3. Troop customization, we should be able to have different types of troops. We should have tanks, planes, battleships. These are the features I would like to see in the updates, with or without them the game is a very good game. 1. Make it available for multiple people to play at once, whether online or on the same devise 2. Make it so we can fully customize a game with all the players starting territories and capitals 3. Make a website or in game menu where you can download different maps kind of like drisk 4. Make more buildings and game modes like there can be more than one kind of fortifications that all cost more money 5. Lastly make national advantages where at the start of the game your chosen country can get some advantage. I couldn't fine the multiple player scenario Where is the custom scenarios? One of the best games i have play in a long time This is great fun and about as close as it gets to games like the Total War series (Map part only) - World domination is the aim of the game. Loads of fun. Game is quit enjoyable but moving across the map is horribly laggy. Touch isn't as responsive as it should be. Spend hours playing this game always crashes on startup (ascend mate 7) Great in the beginning but limited difficulty and gameplay. Add multiplayer that way we get to compete with other people Can you add more features that make you think more strategically and have being in an alliance more beneficial instead of not attacking and being able to travel through each others land and how come other nations never ask for an alliance only pacts. Also can you add trading with other nations too. I really love this game but i got bored somehow after i finished it. It needs multiplayer in this game!!!!!!! Awesome Well made. Favorite game ever Good game I love this game its so simple yet so addictive and entertaining, but one problem, when I select a small region map it freezes for a couple of seconds then shows up on the screen out of memory, reply for a solution please I would be entirely grateful?? The best part is late game when it's your alliance vs. The other half of the world and your horde is bogged down into a never ending trench war. It could use a bit better diplomacy though, its overly simplified. I like the game, maybe I've played it a bit too much because I win everytime on extreme. So now my challenge is to get a higher score than last time. What affects the final game score? and how do I improve the economy on population of my civ? This game has that rewarding sense of accomplishment when you start expanding your territory.  Strategic to a point.  More build options would be sweet.  Auto attack options would be nice, if you could set a country to auto recruit and designate which countries to attack, and attack for how long. Ex. Attack for 3 turns or attack until captured.  And an option to move troops to farther countries without having to manually click and click and slide. Good concepts, needs polish. Worth buying Awsome !! This is an amazing strategy game. I recommend this game. Only one thing. Could you add settings so you can make alliances in advance. Thx! Great Game! When will the next one come out! Plz an estimation anything. Playing on an android device the game feels sort of buggy, also you're missing Switzerland... Also its morocco not moroko. Love it. You start and you cant stop) A nice map painting game that fills the gap on the phone. I started with the lite version to pass time while waiting on CoC, buy it soon became more then just a time passer and I bought the full game. Epic!! I would recommend a Colonization Era Scenario with the British Empire and the Indians and stuff. Also it would be awesome to buy provinces, and give certain provinces "Mineral" ratings which can improve income. I'd also suggest tech tree and rebellion systems, as well as smarter AIs and a Unit System.  I love AoC 😆 But it could be better....... Just be careful of how much time you spend playing it. This game is the best military strategy game since the game RISK came out! Ever thought off doing one for the american countries I would give this game 5 stars but there seems to be some issues with the AI, it can be very aggressive. Also, all my allies just kicked me out of the alliance and started attacking me. There should also be an option to buy and sell land from allies. The game also severely lags if you zoom in or out. I really like this game Only way I could think to make it better is if I could give more land to my vassals. Fish on Get this app get more map This game is very entertaining. I could play this for hours at a time. I love playing this game!! It makes me think soooo much! Don't let a country expand too much like Russia or else they will be to strong and you won't be able to win! I love it! Supper realistic! I'm in love with Civilization😍❤ 100% excellente! Loved the game in every way. However I would like a way to be able to give land to my allies, I don't always want to dominate the world. A must buy !!! Enjoyed playing this game but It could do with some more features Please bring out more versions !!! but please add a multiplayer mod Overall its a great game but you could go more in depth by going more realistic by adding correct population for states or start with more money if your a wealthier nation The game is great and I have a few questions .One is I was playing and all my allies went to war with me .Was it that I allied with an enemy that made peace? Second why is it that the AI never asks for an alliance? Lastly are you  going to make a really detailed map of the world like in Age of Civilization Europe.Hope you will make great games like this Lukasz!!! Careful it's addicting!! Nice game Simple and addictive adding lasers and atomic bombs would only make this game like every other overrated hyped up game in the strategy category This is a very fun game that was worth the buy but can you add customizable countries? The other suggestion is after getting over 75 provinces, there is a small chance of your country splitting into 2 or more countries or a civil war. It is still an amazing game either way It doesn't make any sense that you have ground forces fighting in water there should be a option to build ships in the port. A good world conquest game. Many hours of fun! I love this game it keeps me busy on long trips and fun. Great game Simple but great game! Recommended to anyone that likes strategy games. Worth the price for the full version. Thanks! I love this game bought it on a few different phones wish there was a harder AI but its simple to play and leaves alot to the imagination great game thank you One of my favorite games. Can there be a "build a scenario" option? That would be awesome! Great games though Awesome game Great game, would be amazing if there was multiplayer Update Update Update!!! The best game I've played on a phone ... simple and efficient,  bravo Okay so I was playing (and winning) but then suddenly ALL of my allies just quit the alliance and decided to go to war against me! Y did this happen? Also some suggestions to make it better: 1. Fix the AI's problem (above)  2. Make a timeline so you can see what happened every turn    3. Allow teams that can be set manually at the beginning of the game. This game was so much fun I'm addicted to this game.  It might be interesting to have a realistic economic element for building your army (ie resources in certain regions) as well as technological inovations as you go (ie tanks, special weapons, planes).  Just a suggestion because the game is awesome even without it. I had such great times. This game could have had more detail and then Is give it a 5 star but besides the fact it ediquitelly establishes the simplicity that it wants and is renounced to have. However it's hard but fun!!!! Please add Israel as a nation in the game, thanks in advance I looked for a "Risk" like game for a long time and finally found one that I liked! My only complaint is it can be VERY difficult. But none the less fun and entertaining. Enough features its completely worth the price. you will spend long hours in this game. A lot of fun! Great fun 1. I like every one of the games they made just add the provinces from Asia and Europe to the base game, and also add a lot more to North America, South America, Africa and with that you'll be able to add all the country's in the world and make the game longer. 2. OK I think being able to build a real navy instead of just troops - Army, Navy, Marines, and the Air Force. 3. OK instead of ranting on I'll just say look at Paradox games mainly EU4, Victoria 2, and Hearts of Darkness - get ideas from them. It simply is ^that^ but more campaigns (like cold war 1963), more maps (like Pangea), the ability to choose which nations inhabit a certain territory (Cuba/Jamaica N.Korea/S.Korea), perhaps even the ability to create your own nation(s)... If you have the ability to create this game, you should be proud of yourself. SO GOOD.  But seriously if you can add a multiplayer. IF YOU Do that this would be an amazing game. If you're in the middle, you're screwed. If you're on the side it's easy as tic-tac-toe This is literally the best strategy game I've ever downloaded and probably ever will download! The game is great how it is, but it would be nice if you made it to where the lucky people that download this game can name their civilizations. It would also be good if you made it to where u can sell and buy provinces from other civilizations. I hope I am not asking to much from you. I would understand if you didn't make these changes because you are the one who made this game you know what's good for it. Thanks Font is huge on 100% earth map. Please make font size stable This is a really fun game. Maybe they could add some new maps/landmasses. And when your country is defeated, you should be able to create a rebellion and reinstate your county in it's capital. And you should be able to buy provinces off of your allies. You need to be able to move your capital. Finally a free game that's just designed to be fun. easy to learn and entertaining. just a really solid game. Strategic Simplicity , GREAT for "down time"  lunch, airport, work all done. Own them all on Android.  I am hesitant to "suggest" improvements - would hate it to become something else. Will +1 some that I've read.  A way to become a vassal and work/earn your sovereignty back? Read the Vassal thing happened accidently. Especially on Asia or The World - sorta like the rebellion idea. +1 for trading land spaces esp with a Pact Partner. Move Capital maybe, but if the AI does it - Im screwed lol  No to the tech tree or culture seriously Keep It Simple Stupid.  Going have to look at AOC Europe for some changes you said are there. Now the glitch(?)  I call it that because the AI can do it and I can't.  I've seen it reported by another.  Espcially on Extreme - The AI breaks the Pact the very next turn.  I can't and am screwed when it does - usually attacking my Capital. Add multiplayer mode, and or online It's not same when you can't play your own country + the dev is ignoring feedback and not adding missing countries. The game is not very sophisticated. No civilization has anything special, you cannot be named as leader or name your country, the naval AI is very weak, and there is no sound support or music. However the game s is charming in its own right, and needs to be updated. Good updates would be flanking options, spying units that tell a rival's money and military size, and better AI. The game plays like Risk meets a scaled down version of Europa Universalis.  Very well done! You could add a custom nation maker with the ability to name them edit the starting place and a flag maker, please consider this idea. Nice game and all ya. it doesn't have Portugal, one hell of a country with a lot of history Great game,maybe add some extra features etc but great otherwise The actual game is magnificent overall, and I have put many hours into it, and for that reason, I have many suggestions. Being able to name your civ, being able to trade provinces with countries, readjusting borders, sharing invasion plans with allies, and opponent AIs asking YOU for alliances. I think it would be cool if you could play against other people though. But other than that its a good game Needs online through wifi to play with friends I want to be able to make custom scenarios! Other than that the game is awesome. Keep it up. This would top the charts,  if you figure a way to turn this game into online Multiplayer. This game is one of the best mobile games ive played. More maps would be nice though... I was also wondering what your thoughts were on multiplayer? Or if thats possible? Was a awesome game but please add a american exploration like in 1787 around there it should be cool to play also please add a name civ button or something  and add it so u can buy land of allies should be more realistic so when they steal a territory you want u can buy it from them. Please reply or update and I'll give you ur extra star man I'm a RTS and moba player I could say its really got my taste of world domination.. If ur still not sure..u should chk there lite version. Really good game, but I do wish that it had multiplayer It's a great game and I enjoyed it. But I think that additional maps would make it worth the money Its fun! Awesome game for phone I Wish it could have more to it though Really good game the ai are pretty smart (aka annoying) and overall the game is great the only thing I wish would be added is nukes and more that one kind of military I have gotten addicted to this game ever since day 1, overall it's a fun game but it lacks gameplay and it gets repetitive. 15 min ino the light version I had to try the full version and I am very glad I did. This game is simple, fast paced, and loads of fun while still being complex enough to engage a serious strategy gamer. If you loved those long nights of Risk as a child you have to try out it's big brother, Age of Civilizations! Could you add a feature to where you can give territory to allies With in the first five minutes lost game 2x in a row on easy level don't waste your money. If I could give it negative stars I would. I literally love this game, if you are hesitant, buy this game Good game but when navigating the map the lag is annoying which shouldn't be happening on a nexus 6. You will lose sleep if you buy this game There aren't many games that have stayed on my phone for too long but this game has been a classic. My girlfriend was getting jealous because I was on my phone so much, now I can't get her away from it either. So happy I found this! Great game simple enough would love an expansion with more strategy I guess this is just me but could you add more involvement into the  ecomony? For example, add resources for regions and trade with other nations. It does not have to be about dominating the map ! Is there a reason why i cant f'ing win on most of the countries on normal difficulty? Great game. Compulsive Awesome game, once bought it's pretty entertaining but time consuming. Maybe you can have more modes and settings (eg: earth with less provinces for swifter games) and i would HIGHLY suggest adding more countries such as Azerbaijan! No regrets! Best dollar fifty I've ever spent! Good game. But strategy is very basic. More troop, build and research options needed. Gets repetitive because game play is very basic. I would be happy to pay for a deeper upgrade or deeper version. Upgrade and I will happily give 5 stars Picks South Africa, conquers almost everything, all of Europe and Asia is now south Africa. Sometimes when i go to load an old game up it will delete the game. Make the next turn button and the mash this till the turn is over button in different places. Iv lost to many turns this way, one lost turn is game a lot of the rimes in this. Other than that, solid game, best like it on android. Its really good but you should add the option to pre select alliances Excellent strategy game for Android platform. Easy intuitive and easy to play. Hello? Were are you?? We want....we NEED more updates. Some new things. Like a new world. Or something like, you can choose were to place your capital. Or some better borders. Thanks! I love the game, don't love that it deletes my saves. Is this a known problem, if so how can I fix it What is fog of war and whsts ghe diffrence between off normal and full? Waste  of my money wouldn't install and didn't give me a refund what the he'll fgive me my money or I sew you  for 4 dollars. Don't buy this game it won't install and there goes your cash it's a scam. A fantastic grand strategy game with tons of replay value and plenty of micro management for even the most die-hard strategy fans like myself. My only issue, is that the AI seems hyper aggressive most times, going so far as breaking pacts and peace agreements while stealing territory literally the turn after the agreement was made. With a little AI polish and a few new game play features, and we could have THE winning strategy game on Android! Love it 1 Modern nations and borders It would make in my opinion make a WWIII mode which would fun to play 2 Another suggestion I have is to allow the user to move their capital city. Say I have this huge empire and I lose my capital city, now I've lost the game. But if you allowed capital cities to be moved it would allow the user to play in longer games and have a more realistic feel 3 Have more ancient civilizations like the Aztecs or Incas 4 Have a WWI and WWII mode with the entente vs central & allies vs axis I've never written a review before, nor plan on writing one again - but the age of civilizations series is simply too good not to give credit. I can't wait for future parts of the series!! Good game can't stop playing Will definitely keep you occupied.  I've been playing this game non-stop for 5 days now. I really like this game. Its a lot like risk, but a bit better in my opinion. I like all of the diplomacy features. What is sandbox mode? Should be number one game. Easy to get used to, don't really need instructions, and enjoyable for everyone. May I Recommend a 1776 scenario? Nice time killer Simple land grab game. Bigger army wins. An addictive w/c game that will make people wonder if you got flushed down the toilet for how long you've been in there. But it will get boring after a while. Adding TW pixel battles and a tech tree would make it more interesting with a lot more replayability! The game is amazing with great graphics. I do wish there was an online mode where you could play with other players. Magnificently done. It would be great if you can make and name a new nation also if naval units are added the cross from land to sea to land would be a lot harder Good game,but it keeps exiting me out Sat and played this all night. Its now 8am and haven't slept cheers haha. No loved every bit of it maybe suggest you can negotiate how long the peace packs last. Another thing is maybe if your conquered they can make you a vassel state. And this is the most important one put Scotland in it please that's why I missed the final star was looking forward to taking UK and Ireland over with them haha I like this game best of all I tried.  Demo was fun and bought game after a couple weeks.  Full feature game still addictive after months of play.  Wish the opponent would request surrender when defeat becomes inevitable. Best strategy game on the market Very adictive. Should have a multiplayer mode to that would be cool Just spent that money on this slow game. Very buggy on my note 4 Needs more scenarios. Could use more depth/variety and multiplayer. Some more diplomacy options would be nice like conditional peace treaties and more economic factors & geopolitics are always a plus Im having a good time with this game, but I have a few suggestions: 1: each civ should have a unique ability of some sort (similar to civ V) 2:more units besides just men? 3: just general polishing, making menus easier to read and prettier to look at. Otherwise a good game for the price.    Also I find thw late game to be far too easy. In this game you get bigger and bigger, but also stronger, which doesnt make sense. When you expand too quickly, there should be some sort of penalty to promote slow growth. I love the game from all aspects but if you start a game in sandbox mode it deletes it when you leave so If that can be fixed it'd be great. Thanks for the great game. Pretty good low graphic game. Good time consumer. Worth a couple dollars Worth the cost Enjoy it a lot, but agree with the other people that a couple new maps are needed Wish there was a method of switching capitals Great game to play if you like conquering the world. Amazing game love to see more ancient civilizations. I love the game but since the last update it crashes all the time. I hope this gets addressed asap. I've noticed a few minor bugs, but it's nothing that lessens the gaming experience. The most prominent bug being the civilization score board. Often times, usually in the late game, the number of territories owned will be displayed as fluctuating between the actual count and zero. Have a screen shot if the dev wants. A very good game with lots of different choices. my alliances always fall apart and they declare war on me I am thinking that north America isn't enough, but north and south America together would be perfect. Very good for a week or two. But does get rather repetitive. Once you've beat it I'm not sure you would want to play it again as it starts to get a little boring. If the dev could add extra features that would help. Good effort though. Love it!! &lt;3 Nuff said.. I like the format..maybe add more detail to units i.e. air land sea units I purchased to full game and am not able to save my game. I also would LOVE to see different types of troops in the game and more civilizations to choose from like perhaps Egypt or Macedonia. Other than that it's a fun turn based game. Its a good game when your board Good destraction game for traveling, waiting for the bus, and just killing time in general. I find it hard to put down. Needs multiplayer. Have you maybe tried kikstarting this app? I like the game but it literally drinks my phone's battery. Please fix it. Great diplomacy system.challenging.could have more components such as different units or technologies.this is better than risk! I don't normally write reviews for phone games but after conquering the world with the almighty Jamaica empire I had to give it a 5/5 would conquer the world with Jamaica again Game is good, but almost every day my games keep getting deleted. Too simple This game is so great that I wish I could get it on my windows tablet and maybe even xbox. I can see this game going new places as it is so well put together. One last suggestion would be to keep building onto the game and never quit improving it. This is a badass game I recommend it to everyone to play EVEN AN ACTUAL PRESIDENT also one small thing can you add a nuclear war scenario I love that they added a new world and want to see more. Didn't know there was one until I read the review though. If I could suggest something, it would be to add maybe a pass and play system or some way to play with other people on Google. Needs more economic improve ment Could use more worlds. Can you guys make an Americas and Africa version maybe other planets in a solar system you can switch between and play simultaneously just a thought Unfortunately, this version isn't so good like European... Furthermore it is very rude. I don't like it and I don't want to play with it. Sorry. One feature I would love to see is the ability to create original civilizations. I would also like to see a timeline, that gives details of what has happened in that match. Last thing would be more buildings and such, a feel of culture and technology. Would love it if you could create your own nation need to add alliances like NATO and SCO maybe? I would give it five stars but the game still has some bugs. If you have to many vassals they can go to war with your allies. And sometimes all of your allies turn on you at the same time. One time I made peace with myself and couldn't attack or move units then I declared war and attacked my own territories. I spend lots of hours on this game. It's well made but I'm looking forward to its development, I know more features can be added especially the diplomacy aspect. Can I make a special request ? Please add Syria to the modern game and thanks. Needs a more varity of options and a multi player option. Its an awesome game, may lack features and it could do with a nation creator, other wise I loved it!!! Really fun and simple gameplay that can easily burn an hour or two, but the tactics can get repetitive after a while. The game is absolutely fantastic...but the game also keeps deleting my loaded games. For instance, my phone autolocked for maybe a second or two, I try to load my game back up and it says it got deleted! Hopefully the next update fixes it. It is great but the vassals won't cross over water even if there a island Providence Hands down the best strategy game I have seen. For a mobile device game it is impressive how involved and challenging the game can be. U should add an multiplayer system Its a much larger scale version of risk, with a few added elements. I conquered the world in a day as Canada :p I would love to see a history mode or something. Something that after you win, you can watch yourself take over the world. Like in the civilization game series :D Please add srilankan civilization in age of civilization. Its one of old civilization and one more thing, when I offer alliance request in extreme level no one accept the offer. I dont know why. But if I offer in normal level everybody accepting it. Please explain about it. Please add world leader board and multi player mode in online.  So it will make more fun... thank you. Spent ages playing it & got all but the secret achieve what is it? Who wouldn't be addicted to world domination. Hours of fun, needs new world's and be nice to create own nations and flags For five stars I need online multiplayer! Add an ancient time era, because this game is already fantastic It isn't same time Risk, like in Risk II for PC, but it is great and a lot more feature rich than that or than Age of Conquest. Worth your time and money if you like strategy, rather than mind numbing games. Game stopped working. Reinstalled it 2 time and works fine now Can the map be in 1861? Need tanks. In game purchase system for more maps and specific campaigns. Would love multiplayer. Quick to learn how to play and has provided me hours of fun. My only hope would be to have the ability to replace specific civilizations (e.g. Guatemala with El Salvador) Risk on steroids.  Simple and fun It lacks the inter country revolts, tax and finance control, and some other things which can make this game although difficult but better :) If you love warcraft 3 frozen throne style risk ! You will love this game ! I swear, I looked forever for a game like this, and let me tell you it was worth all the effort. This game is the best of it's kind and it was well worth the money paid. One of my favorite games for sure! A wee gem of a game that is backed up by a developer that obviously listens to feedback, updates the game regularly and is always striving for perfection. A breath of fresh air. In the description it says that there is WWI and WWII scenario. Where is it? I can find it. That is the reason I downloaded the game. Fantastic game You might be busy but you should add more features like more buildings for economy, more army types (a tank = 20 normal infantry and such), option to give a land or money to your enemy/ally  as a peace/friendly offering. Option to make your own country. Add new maps like Habitable Mars, and the such. This is awesome. I would however recommend adding North Korea as a civilization in modern times ( due to their military size and recognition today ). I would also recommend adding other time periods. For instance the napoleonic Wars would be a good time period. Even adding the Ancient times ( Rome, Persian Empire, Germanic tribes, Gaul, Sparta, Macedonian Empire, Egypt, etc. ). Great game though An awesome challenge no matter what level or setting chosen.... Thank you for an addicting game and a change from the point and click that is prevalent in the play store. Over all good. There should be more settings for the civilizations and the size of the map. Add WWI conflict like Britain is allies with the french and Russians and Germany for the other and add already made troops in the borders of France and Germany like the western front please. Enjoyed it only lacks one thing like a front line mode where you can control troops and have tanks etc... If you're looking for a game that isn't just based around attacking, but around building fortifications, realistic tax income, diplomacy, alliances and naval abilities, this is the game for you. Not only does it do all of that, but it does more. I honestly play this at least 2 times a week. I really enjoy this game... it is brilliant... if you would make one with the map of the three kingdoms(Dynasty Warriors, Kessen) it would be perfect! Keep your work up i think you will make it;) Nastrowie I enjoy this game when I need to pass some time. There's only one bug I have- large stacks of units occasionally vanish, and seem to still count against unit upkeep. First app review, not really into giving reviews but thought this game deserved it. Saved me hours of boredom sitting at the airport. Well made! Also thanks for continuing to add(updates) to the game! Can't stop playing it Good Cant stop playin Amazing game Addicting fun and immersive Best game to pass by time and make you think a little bit. When I first bought this game I found it quite challenging, however I got a hang of it after a couple of games. I truly love this game it doesn't waste a whole lot of battery and gameplay keeps you strategizing. However when you vassel a country you have to control them, the zooming is a bit wonky on maps that are 100%. That is the only problem I have, but don't let that stop you from getting this game and having fun! Lukaz you have a good game. Love it! Great game! Please add the option to play on sandbox. Like having unlimited money and unlimited troops. something you can just relax to, besides being strategic all the time.                         Is anyone else interested It's good, but there is room for improvement. There are more countries that could be added and when playing the World War Two map you should be allies with the countries that were allies during the war. That would be cool Love unexplained Would be even better, if north Korea was added to it Great time waster, and a bit of a challenge unless on easy mode. Like adult risk Wish it was online too :( its very addictive when u know how to play If it had diff. tech like planes, and possible nukes, with online... fun. good game Great game Games take forever but Is so worth it. My favorite game at the minute. Fun little game simple, but addicting how about more maps  in the future. Just what I needed. Make it tablet friendly and I'll upgrade you to give stars Great app to past the time..very easy to pick up..does need more maps for the paid version Way to fun Game is great, but needs a complete UI and UX redesign Love this turn by turn game.. Worth getting it.. If only more eras were available it would make the game better Hey you should add ability to buy provinces and nerf amount of money you make and make tradeing for peace also if you have an alliance be able to ask them to become part of your nation and have a chance of them say yes Love this game closest to risk yet!!!! Love it, more maps would keep playability! I can seriously start a game and it will keep me playing for atleast an hour if not more! Although id suggest maybe a multiplayer 1v1 or 4 players at most, including AI nations, just suggesting! And why not add various troops?!?! (Tanks, carriers, aircraft armies could all make the game even more exciting) will add the extra stars most definitely if new features could be added!!!! I can play it for hours straight, it is just wonderful! Any fans of the civilization series, europa universalis series, or risk, will love this game. It is just simple enough that it is not hard to learn, but just complicated enough that you cant put it down! I am extremely excited to see what the developer makes next. This game is so good! My toilet breaks have increased tremendously! But takes a long time to win a game if you are not on easy settings. I'm loving the updates The game is fun, easy to learn, and will kill some time. The only downside is that if you want more maps, you pay for another game entirely. I'd rather have just paid a little more for this one. Fun to play Great tactical game chews up hours of my time I believe it will be better if we could give land to our allies or to the cities in our territory. Fix it please. ↑ That would be amazing. You should make the game multiplayer, either through Internet connection or just people passing a device between turns. And whenever I close out and later open the game again, I'll tap to load a game and then it says "Error, game deleted." It's really getting on my nerves. Once this is fixed, it'll be 5-star material. Its great but more maps... It's because the game deserves them. More maps please I enjoyed playing aoc. I think if there one of two things added it would be five stars. One for there to be mini representations for troops, terrain, buildings, and diplomancy. Two for there to be more ways to interact with your lands, armies, and other civilizations. But for the small price it was somthing that wasn't useless to me like most things that charge that little. And I'm glad this game didn't fell like it'd throw the price tag at my face if I criticized it. Different every time. Amazing :) Being a fan of similar territory conquest games, I love this. One of the best games I've played ATTENTION!!! If you're a fan of risk or Sid Meier's civilization, then you will love this game. It combines the strategic fun of civ and the amazing notion to allow you to control the entire world! 5/5 would recommend, every penny was worth it, and  can't wait for more to be added. Good game. Long life span. I've only a couple of issues. After loading a couple of saved games the colour of my country has turned red a few times. Also when trying to become an alliance with other countries on 'extreame' I get no reply. (After reply from developer I now know why! Fair enough. Great game!) I would really enjoy the game more if u add that we could start with alliances Great game modes, great civs and nearly all the countries are there! Worth my money! Lukaz ,can u pless add more maps to the game like mini maps such as Japanese Sengoku Era maps where we can play as one of the japanese clans , rome empire mini map and so on .. Pless do this , i love your game and expecting this from the pay-to-play version . I would rate it 5 star if u add more maps to the game , it is age of civilization right ? The mini maps would fit the title . Love it I love but update please  and add navy  and  technology   also could you add 18 century  and the medieval  and ancient  civilization  scenarios please Simply the best strategy game for android. Great gameplay, no music but can stream your own in background.  Always funny watching games develop, like Singapore conquering Canada or Ethiopia conquering Japan.  Only complaint is the save is quirky, usually when I reload I've lost the most recent turn or two.  Still great, cheap ad free app. There is always one civilization that will wipe you out no matter what happens Great game but could have preset alliances. Other countries should ask you for an alliance rather than you always asking them. Make textured Landscape and more immersive graphics and multiplayer and you win awards Needs more content and more buildings This game is awesome i spent three hours playing it Good strategy game for the price. Would love to see each nation have individual traits or other distinctions. This is probably the best strategy game on phones. Excellent For those who don't have it, get it! It has a brilliant interface and really feels like your a world leader making these choices and really fun can't do this in any other game and its great! Great game it would be great if they would put NATO vs CSTO or other military alliances. Although there are many games like this, none are as polished and well executed as this. However most updates are mostly to fix bugs and don't add any relevant content. Addicting, once you start can't stop This is game is like heaven to me. Its like Civilization V and Europa Universiles had a baby and named it Age of Civilizations If you love risk,  you'll love this.  It's better than risk in my opinion... I think the simple  pure strategy is what makes this game so much fun. Stick with it. Just a really great game! Nice Like others, I can't wait for multiplayer to be implemented, but this game deserves 5 stars if anything does. Great concept, and executed very well too. I love the new border update it helps out a lot you guys should add it to the European Age too I really like this game. You direct your armies to invade neighbouring provinces, increasing your money, which lets you get a bigger army, so you can keep invading. You need to balance growing your army versus the ability of your empire to support it. It's simple, but satisfying. Having capitals and forts provides an extra bit of depth. You can even form simple alliances and peace treaties with your neighbours. Well done. Fun Really fun!!! I don't know how else to describe it please please please multi player More maps or random maps would be better. My favourite Android game! Wish there would be even more maps and later maybe multiplayer support :-) Over all its a good game and not just another Risk clone. Although the steam roll effect still exists. I think it would be more fun you add more buildings and more maps so then it wouldnt be boring This game is awsome must buy it good but feels like more modes or ways to win should be added. How about winning with money or population or just something other than raiding every single country ever and forcing the ones left to be allied. Overall game is fun and good. Just after a few rounds it gets boring dominating the world. Its easy and hard at the same time lol There is like 2-3 ways of winning and that's for every game no diversity, alliance everyone ane win or just mass at one point and punch a hole to capital, needs atrisian and more details Great game but, what's the difference between this and Age of Civilization Europe. Nvm the difference the two is one is strictly Europe. I downloaded this game, then never played it for 2 months. I regret that Fun! This is a very good game but from long time I havent see any uploaded new maps or stuff. But i should come with more scenarios. With preset alliances, or a timeline like a world war 2 timeline, A.Is should ask you for an alliance  insted of you asking them I play this game for probably at least 2 hours a day, I've logged probably well over 100 hours on the lite version, and I figured I should upgrade, if not for the better game, as a way to support them and show my thanks for a fun way to spend my extra time here and there. Definitely recommended to anyone who likes Risk or Civilization and the strategy involved in those. It's an amazing game but to add some more depth you use ports too build ships to transport troops and also add air fields to Give the opportunity of bombing runs to soften up defense also have army's that have taken too many losses retreat to friendly land. Need SOUND BAD PLZ ADD ITS A GREAT GAME JUST NEED A SOUND BATTLE TYPE SOUND MUSIC SOUNDS BACK GROUND N WAR MUSIC Great game for strategists. All it needs is more realistic scenarios like shortages in food and trade among alliances other than coins, maybe like land. Also, this is a lpt, but an online mode with about 40 civilizations would be cool. Multiplayer locally would be cool to, if it doesn't have it already and I just can't find it. Great game, just a few more tweaks and it's set. Great little Risk style works domination game, surprisingly detailed too. I loved this game but i think that they should add different types of Units ? Addicting.  Had to get full version.  Will update after i use. I love your games, both Europe and the world, it just needs more like where you get updates on all the countries, like food shortages or citizens afraid to enlist to add more problems like a real war would have, f.y.i. these games have great potential. All it needs is be more popular and updates and new stuff Highly addictive game! Very well designed strategy game. Must plan well ahead when drafting troops. Love it! Clearly more to go off of realisticly like alliance acceptance among other countries or ways of having more improved armys instead of a nice fat number. Differant levels of how advanced an army is. Also costume civilizations might be fun to play around with. I lived the game but please add local  multiplayer please :-D besides that it's an amazing game AWESOME Love it PLEASE READ IT!!!!!!!!              Great Game. But i would like to be able to purchase land of differents countries and be able to form or change the name of the countries by forming empires. Also, i would like to be able to form reallistic alliances for example the UK with Australia or the US. After all this game is worth it... BEST STRATEGY GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED... GREAT JOB I love it, but can you make more maps?  Would love some maps with just islands that would make things interesting I give it a 5 because is a great strategy game 1 or 2 different variables would mke this a great game! Good game. Look forward to more maps. Great game! Played the free version and immediately bought  this. Very addictive! This game is great and by far the best in it's genre on the Play Store. Is there any chance of making it so when you request to be an ally, it is more realistic? So for example UK asking USA and Australia etc would be realistic for them to accept, but asking Argentina for instance would be rejected. If you could base the chance of becoming an ally based on mutual real-life respect then I think the game would be a bit better. Thanks! The game should have a build map section when you can edit  territories Good game Fun. Worth buying. A bit too easy on all levels but still delivers. Bought it immediately after demo, hopefully updates will make it a bit more challenging. Like it A seriously good game!! Best strategy game! So simple yet challenging. Has countless playable nations, great AI, nice big map, which makes it overall a must buy Un gioco davvero bello, niente da dire, applausi! It was a refreshing buy, considering some of the craply made apps. Great game however it would be better if it had a multiplayer mode. Best strategy game on mobile! Cool Love the game, play a game once a day if not more. 2 things bug me and would make "i think" the game better. 1 allow us the euro map you play in the demo to allow quick games at work. 2 please make the vassel players more willing to use the sea. Other than that love it Wish it had a multi player option. would be even better with multiplayer option on a single device, so you can control all civilizations and enhance your scenarios What's the secret achievement tho Bluetooth or pass and play would make this already good game even better. Introduced my friend and we both can't put it down. Really good. Recommend it to strategy fans. I'm having a problem after last update. When I want to play in 300% or 400% maps, I get "out of memory" error with Note 2. Is 2 gigs of ram not enough? Should be optimized for Samsung. Any chance for a map editor? Would be great to have maps like Arthurian Britain or US Civil War...  Also, an option to have the vassals rebel in big empires would add more action into the end game, which can get a bit boring. 10/10 He rarely updates the game. No new maps/game modes in over three months. Great game Łukasz I believe your polish so my opinion is that this game is the best of or kind. Love this game best  made on mobil. Keep up the good work. To jest dobra gra. * i tryed lol Addicting and great game overall. Only request is random events happen and you can decide what to do. I'm tired of countries declaring war for no reason. Other than that, addicting game. Great for passing time Great game Can be very addicting. Its a simple game, but very fun I payed money for this and there is no advanced system. All you do it's drag people you can't see from country to country. It's not perfect,  but it is a great game. Well worth it. Very similar to board game but not multi player  Gaaarate I like the game a lot I was really intrigued by this game this is just what I needed don't know what the difference is between this game and the Europe version but I wish they had more options or at least some visuals of the conquering. Love it I would love a game for every continent just like civ europe These people giving it one star who say they got the borders wrong is a terrible reason not to get this game. Lots of unique features and is different than most strategic games. I am a fan of strategy games and this is my favorite app. This game is so fun but add multiplayer to make it more fun I luved this Everytime im about to conquer the last enemy nation all my allied countries turn against me is that suppossed to happen? Or am I doing something wrong. Really love the beautiful, colorful map... Game mechanics are easy to use, but still challenging.  You MUST get Europe if you don't already have it.  Are you planning any other maps?           Oh, BTW, Luxembourg is on Europe, 56 civilizations. This is games is really great. I can stop thinking about what moves to take and conquer all. I will say this though, I think that it would be a great idea if you guys were to put some sort of background music. That would be GREAT! Great so far! I only have one question,  which of the conquests have Luxembourg in them? Awesome game, but is there an option for local multiplayer so that two people may play on the same tablet? If not, is there a chance this could be added in the future? Addictive! This game is like crack... if I knew what crack was like. Already put 6 hours into the game in 3 days. Great game, the only thing that could make it better are more maps like Europe. Better than the comparable game age of conquest, highly addictive, the only criticism is that as far as greatest empires go there aren't very many but I usually play modern world anyways. Where is the save game button how do I save this game? There are some settings that I don't know the purpose of and I'm not sure how the maps work great basic strategic game Simple and to the point with no bug or flaws. The challenge does become rather moot once you start to pull ahead in owned territories. Once you have a solid hold of a country it becomes global whack a mole. Very good, best strategy game I've ever come across. Definitely worth the money Great game The gameplay is amazing however I would like it to be more optimised as it drops in frames. Also improve the GUI. Nether the less, amazing game! Ace game !!!!!!! Make it so AI can form alliances. And maybe add a scale like -100 to 100 so you can see if a country likes or dislikes you. I needed to buy it 2 times because the first time i needed to reinstall It , but is a grate and simple game Its quite literally a nice computer replica of the risk board game. very simple and an endless easy way to burn spare time. very simple controls very easy to use and quick to understand. Really good game. They need to Make it were you can name your country and Make it were you want it but its a Good game. This is everything the Conquest games should have been It's fun if you need something to do Fun game remembering the old rise of nations ... need some more functions like built house , e.t.c Simple but effective mechanics. Well done, very enjoyable. Ideas: add espionage, sabotage and more buildings to increase manpower or finances. Can you add same device multiplayer atleast like pass n play it would be fun to play it with others in some way Great game It would be great if they add a Napoleonic or colonial scenario Fantastic game definitely worth the money. Really challenging which I like and tests your strategic mind. Would be great if you added in an online/LAN multiplayer, but if you can't, it's alright. Best of its type My job has a lot of downtime and I've always been a risk fan. This game is the best ive found on the market. Good game, it would be nice if it had a ancient civilization scenario, but other than that I can't complain. Liking so far it's fun and addictive. So far the only game on mobiles that comes close to replicating Europa Universalis IV. Worth the money.Getting AoC Europe wouldn't be a bad idea either. Great game, makes you think alot Really addictive game. Wish there was a little bit more complexity to building your troops and defences. But that aside really addictive. Really enjoy this game. This is such an addictive game. Great game. Constantly improving. Worth every penny. Love it. (NOTE4) Very fun  to play Would recommend for hours of basic strategy fun Have played this for hours. Really like it, simple but entertaining. Best game ever!! Plxz I beg of u add civil war plz thanks!! Need a little more depth.  But over all a good value. Would be 5 stars but keeps crashing on my Samsung Tab 3 after about 6 turns. Oversimplification of name mechanics with over complicated maps leaves this risk wanna be lacking. A very cheap rip off of civilization and not even remotely as entertaining. The only thing you can do is go to war , nothing else. There is no value to this game what so ever. I wouldn't give it a star at all but its required to rate it.                 Apparently the developer got all butt hurt because I didnt like his labor of love. To answer him , yes I did hit the diplomatic crap and I did everthing else possible on this game. My opinion of it stands. Don't hate the player, hate the game. This game would rate five stars if there was a way to watch a time lapse of the games you've played. Fun, addictive what more could you ask for? :) It's a game you can easily play for hours, so it's absolutly worth the money! So far in only encountered one problem... My vassals randomly start wars against nations in my name without me beeing able to stoo them. They should either only attack nations I'm at war with! And once a vassal of mine was allied with one of my enemies?! How does that work? It was a little annyoing to realise that I just fought my vassals army. I love this game and the Europe version. Some additions could be alliances being able to win, also being able to give provinces to your allies. Fun, just wish there was some tech tree to go down Its missing some key elements but I have faith in the developers. Best world battle game I've played. Well, it would be nice to have some new maps. Some of the suggestions mentioned before would be nice too Great game!!! So addicting I open it up and cant put it down Can't kill any countries no matter what you do I just wish that there were more ways to manipulate the goings of the world. (Trading, various resources, and a harder difficulty would be nice to! ) Good game just missing something , maybe add tanks , planes , field guns and implementing trading would be good :) Reminds of of risk and age of empires put together. Would realllllllly like to see a multiplayer feature complete with group chatting and private chatting!!!!! Love it! It will be cool if you can implement trading and other ways to grow your empire! Otherwise it's fantastic!! cool game I love how you guys are updating it so often! Best strategy game out To get 5 stars from me being able to see a civ style time laps of the game one complete. Then you can relive your victory/defeat Awesome This is a great game and one of the only ones on Google play like this. However I think that some more depth. Like different styles of attack such as bombing raids or spying. But a great game! Great game, really addictive and easy gameplay. I would like to note a very laggy map scrolling issue on my phone, Nexus 5. Ciekawa gra, UI do poprawki, ciezko sie steruje, do tego mapa dziala dosc powoli, mysle, ze da sie to mocno przyspieszyc. Gratuluje ambitnego projektu :) You need to add something I personally really enjoy this game, there's nothing really like this on Google play and the fact I can play it in portrait makes it even better. However there are issues with stuttering when scrolling the map on my Nexus 5 (a pretty powerful phone). If that could be fixed then this game would be all the better for it. These games are awesome. I wish there was a way to play against other people though. After about 5 minutes, I could not stop playing. I've been looking for a game like this forever. I haven't bought a game for my phone in years. This was a great choice If only there was light classical or jazz music in the background Like Risk but better Pure simple entertainment especially for 80's generation Good Game Addictive and gloriously fun - 10/10 I never buy apps or games, but this one is definitely worth it for strategy fans. Nice job. Would be even better with a multiplayer mode. One of the only Android games that gets me engaged. Good graphics. Glad that there is no sound so I can listen to my own tunes. Just wish there was a bit of a tech tree. Not sure we should start with all buildings and sea travel available. Have also found that it is tough to do well in the first few rounds, but the middle is quite easy, but then it's hard to win. It's a great game! I'll suggest displaying some more game stats, like number of troops recruited in total etc! - I mean having a post game statistics, showing provinces conquered etc at the end of each game played, as an option. This is everything I look for in a game. The ability to produce your own maps would be nice, a feature I would happily pay extra for. Overall an amazing effort. Exactly what I was looking for!   Something I would change: I like how the default for recruiting troops in 50%, but to move units, the default should be 100%. This game is good if you're bored This game is great. Having tried a few risk type games, I quickly settled on this one as it was so much easier to get engrossed in. The only things that would make this game even better would be; Continental maps, Fictional  maps \ scenarios and an online version. (I would happily pay again if that was separate.) But even as it is, this game would get a 6 out of 5 if the review let me! Great game but having no sound is killing me and more then 2 maps would be cool But how are we supposed to get 250 millions military units? With all the world -1 country, 10millions is already the limit! Great game, I love it but it would be even better if you made it multiplayer! Brazil is OP Great game but more maps are needed for 5 stars I'm not sure if it's 1936: 54 civs or 65..? Would love some new maps :) A suggestion for another map could be pangea the supercontinent it would be a brillant map No strategy, just troop spamming by the ai constantly taking and retaking places for ever, not fun sorry Everything about this game is great, are there any plans to make it multiplayer? I think it'd be really interesting to play with other players I was some what shake if I should but when I did just loved it. I recommend this to anyone who likes strategy game. One last this game is hard so watch out Great little strategy that keeps on giving.Addicting and well balanced, Great Dev and not riddled with micro-transactions. 9.5/10. only issue is it would be nice to see some further developed Diplomacy as Alliances are great but when an ally takes a region you want/need it can be a pain. not gud for big touch screen mobile... poor interface A must buy for any strategy lover. Army/Population/Diplomacy everything is there. If you are a fan of the Total War franchise without the actual fighting, this game is for you. Great wee toilet game but add multi player and you'll have me playing at times when im not on the loo too. My only problem is when you and a random country are attacking the same area in a turn. This makes you attack them and/or them attack you when you had no intention of going to war with that particular nation. Despite this problem I still love the game and rate it 4.5/5 Very nice and addicting game.Please can you put Armenia and Lebanon  In the countries also.Thanks in advance. Well made risk game, smooth control, smart AI and huge detailed maps Risk, but better. one of the best games in play store Amazing Great addition to the android market which I almost lost hope in. You have restored my faith even though for a short time. Question have you ever thought about creating a multi-player aspect to the game where multiple people play at once? That would be a fantastic feature instead of playing the a.i every time.  Thank you for hearing my thoughts I enjoy these kind of games.  (: Don't let the graphics fool you. This game has all the elements a true "risk" fan will love! Love this game it really is addictive and eats my time up! The frequent updates are amazing!! 5 stars!!! When i select the biggest Earth map, 400÷, i get info "not enough memory". I use galaxy note 3 so there is enough memory. Also, Serbia only available in few nation selections, would like that to be improved. Please add a way to save the nation's  you  deselect from the game saved so you dont have to deselect them again for the next game. And please make the territory  that vasalls catputure be owned by the vasal Updated daily, good game, amazing game play, what else can you need, no sound but hey this game is like a ww3 simulator and nothing is compared to it I've played this game for countless hours and loved it, but on size 300% or 400% maps it says I'm out of memory... not sure if it's a glitch or just my phone. Muy bueno, deberían hacer una partida online I can't put this game down. I could spend entire afternoons playing it. Only problem: when I select a larger size map, it says out of memory. I don't have a lot of memory on my phone taken up, and I have only 2/30 games saved. Please fix. Great game but next update could you add royal marriage or demand concession and different forms of government and different time eras and can you demand certain things to get peace such as reparations and territory. One more thing can we form colitions Good strategy game, but local multiplayer would make it better. This game is simple,  don't think about even trying the demo.. Just buy it you won't regret it!!!! Good game.  Hope for more maps! Amazing game,  and very detailed for a mobile strategy game.  The only thing I wish was different would be that instead of just numbers going at each other you could have unit types  and that the battles were a bit more in content,  otherwise if you like risk type games look no further. I could play this game all day. The graphics are fantastic, and the UI is decent; however thr game operates poorly. I have warred with a massive Asian Empire, and at multiple points I was screwed over. Here is an example: I noticed Australia had a massive military,  so I befriended and allied with them. The moment I did they disbanded all of their troops, and the asian civilization I was fighting with Australia,  suddenly stopped attacking them. So much so, they disbanded the troops running along their border. ClawMachine game. Be cool if there was multiplayer, on and offline. But otherwise its a cool game. Been looking for a strategy that challenges me on android A great game, well worth the money. Way fun, good if your a minimalist and want quick turns I love games like RISK! And this wargame blows it out of the water! At first I didn't look at the settings but once I saw 1914/1936 I was pumped... I literally love how I am basically the commander of that country. Work my way up to take over the world. A line myself with a powerful alliance. Being Serbia in 1914 is a challenge but I love it. Start with 1 territory in Europe... it's hard! Love it. Overall great,  needs more depth. I love it! Its simple but I get hours of fun It's okay. It's the closet game I could find to civ, just, it isn't clear on what's going on at one time (It can be quite confusing), there are constant complicated menus that keep coming up and it's too war based. But other than that it's an okay game. ☺ Couple of things I'd like to see; map of UK split into counties, mountainous regions to take up more points when moving troops, the migration of people from war torn countries to those which are neutral. Its good well thoughtout addictive game, only glitch im getting it when i want to go on a 400/300% world it says ive run out of memory till this is worked 4 strars only This is one of the best strategy games I've seen in a while! It's difficult but simple and a good game all around, I guarantee that if you get this game you'll at least give it four stars, Just watch out for Mexico and south africa! Nice game! Risk on steroids. Absolutely spectacular game props This game worth buying because of the hours that spends without you being notice unlimited options and so many other good things if you are don't know if you should buy this game so listen to me and buy it you'll love it ! Hated it can't believe i spent money on it Doesn't kill your battery. Super addictive. Definitely worth the coin.  Loads of options.  Would love to see a date stamp next to high scores and also post in the help file what scoring is based on.  Those two minor omissions aside, best game app I've played in quite some time It would be really cool if there was more scenarios or if we could create our own. Great game USR steamrolls everyone in 1941 until I step in though. Not great, but better than most. I think it's a good game but it's too fast.  Money is just so easy to get maybe make regions that limit that This game is really good value for money, with loads of options and stats and a nice amount of depth for those who want it. Top notch strategy game! Great Game! Addicting Hey I have problems with new  updates . When I chose 400 or 300 it says out of memory . Still game 5stars . Thumbs up Worth the money! Best strategy game for android! It's like Civ V but replaced all units with numbers. Great game for boring moments at work and hanging around in the bathroom for far too long due to losing track of time. 5/5 I've easily dominated the world with different starting countries at easy, normal and hard difficulties, but extreme is proving to be a real challenge. Quite enjoyable, addictive at times, but certain countries seem to be overly powerful, e.g. Mexico. They always end up controlling the entirety of the American continent. Updates seem to be regular though, so hopefully it'll balance out. Only one problem... Russia always wins. Maybe you could adjust the economy of a Provence for its relative population. At this point, Russia wins every game. Literally. Russia could easily wipe out China with its 32 vs 9 Provence's  or so even though in real life that would be unheard of. The gameplay is great but the actual app is slow and heats up my phone significantly and drains a lot of battery, and it's a brand new Xperia Z3. Game of chance with a stacked house against you.  Furthermore the reviews have the appearance of being fake.  Waste of money. Amazing Fix thanks I have captured capitals for 4 or 5 rounds only to be beaten without gaining provinces like the instructions say. Just Need to be able to move your capital and add a online mode Since I've brought the game, there's been an update nearly everyday! it's a very lite civilization game or a very solid risk game. Either way it's kept me occupied Sorry, hun, I'm busy right now taking over the world. Lost many hours to this, very addictive. In time a bit more complexity to the fortifications, Towers would be good e.g different levels of build so more advanced ones offer more protection/detail view of neighbours. This game is more fun than simple numbers has any right to be. Good game . If they added more detail to the game a little bit like, different unit types, or other maps, I'd give it 5 stars . Played this game for about 10 hours so far with South Africa. Managed to conquer massive land solely relying on making other factions my Vassals and recruiting armies on every frontline of the empire. Game feels pretty straight forward at  this stage. I would like to be able to decide which type of units I recruit and a wider variety of buildings. A great improvement to the game would be the addition of resources such as wood and gold or commodities. It would make conquering certain territories interesting. I gave it 4 stars just because there is no music to go with the game. It gets a little boring because of that. Dobra robota, great job Waste of money!!!!!!! Shocking, not even a game Brisk warfare Awesome game, congratulations. It would be incredible to have new maps like middle earth, or Pangea I love this game. Its challenging but once you get the hang of it its hard to stop playing.  Thanks!! So simple, I wish you could make custom scenarios and choose where you spawn on map Awesome game, played it multiple times but it gets a little booring after a while.  Need more options in attack and defense. Partway between Risk and Civilization... Two of the greatest games of all time. I really love the game. It is addicting. A 5 star to the developer and the game. I am a happier gamer.   :) Fun game. Highly recommend I've been playing this game for almost a week now and absolutely love it! It is a lot like Risk, but on a much grander scale. It also has no random dice element which means the outcome of the game is solely based on your strategic approach to managing your military assets. Great game! Any chance of adding north korea? Love it but I have a few suggestions. Is it possible to inroduce a tactical move phase? When I move my troops from A to B and my opponent attacks A , I loose all of my troops! Including those im moving to B. This shouldn't happen. There would be no point moving soldiers between owned land. Also, the briefing in between turns is not quite clear.  Thank you for addressing those issues in your next update. Keep it up! If you like risk you will like this. Love it The latest update has caused a graphical glitch.  It looks like a 3d image when you don't where the glasses! This game is perfect. It's not a simple time eater (like flappy bird). It forces you to think about your decisions. Not as complex as civilization but that's good. Buy it. Play it. Love it. If you like Risk type games this is for you. The only gripe I have with it is it should let you play in portrait mode, and/or let you change the sizing of the font. Even so this is a buy. I very well made game giving strangely lovers all the could ask for I love it bar the extra few details that would make it perfect. I'd like to see a bit more strategy put into combat. Include things like bombing runs over turns, defending them with AA/Air superiority. No nukes but maybe ballistic missiles. I want to see actual units. Like naval units that can bombard coastal areas. Nothing too complex but will add a nice amount depth. Aside from that. Move the delete game button please! Very addictive and challenging Great game, very addictive and fun with a decent imagination but please change how you delete a game. Currently is a very faint X on the load game button and is right where the thumb would naturally go to load. I've now lost two big saves from this poor placement and my own laziness in not reading the message, assuming it's asking me to load like normal and not delete. :-( Good complex game. Ever since last 2 updates when in diplomacy screen and go to click yes or no on any screen it doesnt work straight away. Didnt do this before. Fix this please The interface is simple and flows well. My only minor problem is I haven't figured out how to get back to the title screen mid game. This game gets 5 stars because any game where you can stomp Europe under the mighty boot of Canada deserves a 5. Dev Did a good job with the game.  Can never complain when they don't ask for permissions either.   I would like to see some new maps in the future, but over all great game. Great strategy game Its a great game but I just updated the game now for the 400% and it says out of memory Really nice thoughtful strategy game.  Not overly complicated.  Addictive and enjoyable. ... very adictive Simple, addicting. So Addictive! This is a game worth the money and the best thing about this game is that you will never get board of it just pure and utter fun I wish that their was some Web page or video showing tips and tricks.  I never manage to win a game.  I May be just  bad at it. But a video or Web page with some tips and tricks would be awesome. Awesome! I'm so glad to see this game selling so well! I hope you make a bundle of cash from this great game, I want to see more games from you sir! Hopefully a geopolitical sim like Hearts of Iron or Superpower... Something like that is really lacking in the play store. simple and nothing like it on app store Really fun. Superb Great game , thoroughly enjoying! This app is brilliant, only request is multiplayer so I can battle my friends! 5/5 You get the idea quickly enough I suppose. But I can't help but feel like there's easier ways to work the system and move your army. For being a paid app (or any app really), the graphics are low-def and muted and it feels like a real low production. The menus are empty looking and everything is really small and zoomed out. The pinch-zoom feature is jittery and doesn't work too well. All in all, very disappointed. I would recommend elsewhere if you're looking for a conquest style game. One of the best strategy games I have ever played. Good game. Need improvements on pinch zoom functionality. Brilliant wee statagy game. Took me ages to win a game but im totally into it now. Good game. More updates the better.  Hope you put loads more into it. Top class.  Dont let it die out. Like the best strategy games you have to stop playing them because they take so much of your life. Great game! Well worth paying for Simple but so much fun I can play this for hours This game is not user-friendly I like that there is an option to not participate online.  This game reminds me of the original civilization game that came out on computer many years ago. Its a bit Risk-y, I like it. When you be Chilling in your country and someone comes to take your land. Merk em! Awesome game. Bought the full version (Y) Get online multiplayer and cold war scenario please It is cool to have a "Risk" like game on my phone.  This is much more complex and the games are not short. I have no complaints about this game. It is well made. Just the kind of game I look for. Great board game feel. So sick of time/money waste games. This isn't one. Manages to catch the essence of a board game very well, lots of fun to play and very addictive! The menus don't feel quite as professional, but it doesn't hinder the experience. Such a bloody good game I'm obsessed with this piece of art its just so good. All the fun of a board game or whatever but on the phone. You sir have been sent by god to create such an addictive game 5/5 stars for this Very good game ! Worth it 100 % This game reminds me of the board game risk, which i love and havnt played in years. Great game Game play is unclear and just didn't grab any enthusiasm from me A fantastic game. Already enjoying it way more than I should This game is far too difficult even on the easy setting.  No formal diplomacy, all countries attack from every direction.  I almost feel as if this app is a scam As a proud Scot I would really like if you could add Scotlands capital as Scotland Love this game so fun, keep up the good work Awesome game, love it. Just a question, could you make countries more intelligent? Like other countries making pacts, alliances and declaring war against each other? Also make so you can see it in the diplomacy tab? And option to disable? Love this game I wish that this game had some way to either establish a new Capitol or to shift the controlling power to one you've taken over. It shouldn't be easy to do, and should carry risks, but would add depth to the game, in my opinion. I also think it should be able to be toggled off, as I'm sure some people would want a pure experience with predictable capitols. How you got haiti but not Puerto Rico or the Dominican Republic please can you do something about it because I feel offended by this  sincerely a Proud Dominican citizen Great game.  Similar to others of the genre but easily adds diplomacy and battles for swift game play. I think you should add citys to give a small economic bonus and a population bonus this would help some real statigec advanteges It's a fun game with regular updates by the developer, looking forward to seeing the new features. I think the tutorial could be more comprehensive as it seems not all the features of the game are maybe explained right now by I'm having fun trying to muddle through Been waiting for something like this Great concept bu even on easy its ridiculously hard. Make a pact with someone and they immediately stab you in the back et tu brute! Nice game . I really loved it . Simple and funn . But I got one request if is it possible.  I would like to play with lebanon . One issue is that when I attack an enemy province and before I get my move a different nation that I am at a neutral relationship with takes that province before me therefore resulting in me declaring war when I don't want to. I eh. don't get it One of the best strategy games on android, well worth the price. Haven't had this much fun since risk and risk two Whenever there's a update I get excited ! but .. could you make units e.g. warships airstrikes tanks soldiers artillery and nuclear missiles but it's a amazing game worth the money! Great game that's unique to any other app in store, regular updates so well worth the price. Improvements: add sea and air units swell as just ground units and add more scenarios! One great addition you could make, is removing the capital crown once it has been taken over and eliminated. Too many times especially on keplar you never know when you are taking over the capital or just an old capital I love this game. Glad they had a lite version to demo it. Awesome game. Your a genius. &lt;3 Good game but, it's a bit unusual to play any game without at least a looping music track A good game, but right now it's kind of an advanced version of risk. If the diplomacy options were fleshed out more and the ai had a reason to not go to war all the time I would definently give this 5 stars. Also a scenario creator would be awesome. Could you update the modern  full world map with the recently added countries like North Korea? I am itching to play a complete world haha An excellent strategy game, constantly being updated. Hopefully more diplomacy will be added to the game, as well as the AI sending diplomatic offers. EDIT: Loving the updates! :) The idea behind this game is great however there is room for improvement; better balancing, more units than just infantry, buildings to improve manpower or income. Just add more stuff really, still worth 4 stars in current state though I love this game. Very addictive and keeps me entertained foe hours at a time. I would suggest adding a save button so you don't always rely on Auto-save. One feature I would love to see is adding some sort of resource such as wood/gold etc. to the economy of some countries. This could be used to make buildings as it is too easy to get the 20% bonus at the moment and would make certain countries a lot more appealing to conquer. Great work on the game. I quite like the game and want to play big battles over several days. It's unclear how often saves happen or how to save, because I tend to lose a couple turns of progress every so often when reloading the game. I think this is the best strategy game on android! It was well worth the money! I hope you like it as much as I do! Was hoping for more maps than just the 2 with different country's but still a 5* game C: Awesome stuff This has a great Risk feel with some bits of Hearts of Iron. I conquered the world as Argentina. If you love Axis and Allies and Risk but want a middleground for complexity and difficulty? Then get this game, I have found hours of enjoyment and with constant updates, I feel like it was worth it. I would like it if a country would invite me to their alliance or maybe other deals not just me controlling at all I don't see civilisation of Bulgaria One of the best games out there! Great map painting conquest game. Fun Time sink. I think it would be good if the AI countries made alliances, pacts and peace between each other. Only player can make peace or an alliance between countries at the moment so if you have a big alliance it is much easier This game lacks information & instructions. Don't download... It's real waste of time... Love it. Addictive and clever game. The strategy could have a little more depth. Also I've never had an AI approach me with diplomatic offers which would make the game more interesting. I am really enjoying the game, but I have one issue....could you add a landscape/tablet mode? It would make it alot easier to play on tablets! Keep up the good work!          Edit: Recent updated added landscape mode! thank you! If you liked Age of Conquest you will love this. Great, simple gameplay make this a winner for any armchair generals out there. My only gripes - the map can get rather cluttered, map colouring needs reworking and dedicated navies are needed.....oh - and AI alliances/pacts would be a good addition too! Had a hard time 1st try playing.... caught on real quick ... have beat it on medium yet lost twice switched to easy and have won now twice ..  liked it so much I bought it ..  keep updates come n id love to be able to play against real people .... gonna go try the purchased ver now. The game is great but has a few setbacks: AI should be able to ally with each other against a third party or declare peace, if an AI1 attacks another AI2 and you already made orders for your units to attack AI1 then you and AI2 will be at war default if these could be added in next update it would be fantastic This is a strategy offering that really will grow on you. At first it seems like it might have a steeper learning curve than I thought, but the tutorial is adequate. It's actually very simple. You recruit armies, and invade other countries, forming alliances, pacts, declaring war, and a few additional diplomatic options. The game is easy on the eyes, and that's good, because it's very addictive. It's full of options, and has a very competent AI. You can zoom in and out, and the UI works great. Constant updates, fun game, developer that interacts with the players. Awesome! This game is the best strategy game for android 5/5! Realy good best game ever It's definitely worth the purchase. It's a great game if you just want to pass the time or if you just want to conquer the world! The Dev also frequently updates! Things get too cramped up making it harder to see the gameface. Also i'd like to be able to play with Portugal on the modern world setting. Which brings me to my next point being the map isn't really accurate. Plus I'd like to be able to move more than once in a single turn, but obviously it takes away my move allowance. Lastly the game isn't really fair, its mainly big countries win. I find it difficult to play with the smaller countries because the bigger ones just dominate from the begining. Literally addicted now and it's awesome how much the developer really enjoys feedback for the game. Can't wait for future updates Dev good job. This game is one of the best strategy games available. My only complaint is that the map zoom is really choppy and laggy. Apart from that it's perfect, simple graphics meaning it's not a battery hog, and a concise and easy to understand tutorial. Loved the game so addicting had to pay for full version A+++ Omg sooo underrated quickly made my top list of strategy games for sure You did an amazing job, can't wait for more features in the future! :) 10/10 Gralem kiedyś w cos podobnego wiele lat temu na pc.  Gra sie nazywala The General 4.5h  i byla trochę podobna do tej. Do dziś pamiętam muzykę z tamtej gry :)   Pamięta ktoś z Was tą grę? Co do Age of Civilizations to jeszcze czegoś troszczę brakuje. Może jakieś dźwięki  by dodać które informowały by o ataku przygranej czy coś. I statystyki dostępne podczas gry ? Więc na razie daję 4 gwiazdki :) Duży plus, że gra nie leci do kosza. Mało jest takich gier, które mnie czymś przyciągają na Andka. A juz naprawdę sporo przetestowałem gierek :P I love this game, it's quirky and its a fresh take on strategy games . Could you add a multiplayer? My only teenie issue is that diplomacy is really difficult to understand in this game I don't know how it works on here I'm a longtime Risk fan who always wished the board game had a bit more strategy involved. However I stray away from the Civilization franchise because it is just too complex to pick up and play for a few minutes at a time. "Age of Civilizations" plays a lot like Risk, but has a few twists that add to the strategy immensely while keeping gameplay simple and straightforward. The developer is also very quick to respond, if you have any ideas you want implemented be sure to send him an email! Been looking for something like this for a while and this perfectly brings it to me! Minor tweaks needed to make it feel a bit nicer but in time this could be the perfect strategy game! Simple to adapt to yet challenging and well priced! V.Good The game is very impersonal, a numbers only game. There are no animations for battles, very little explanation in the tutorial, and not sure if diplomacy even works. Signing a peace treaty seems to delay your neighbours from attacking only until they have a numerical advantage. Even on the easiest difficulty, the opponents mechanically outplay you and steamroll over you, without any diplomacy, personality or visual interest. You might as well play with numbers, there's nothing interesting beyond the maps.  EDIT: I'll give it another try, but it would be nice to see some battle animations or at least sounds. There is no personality in the game. :( Good game, very addicting. One big problem. All you do is grab land, & nvr ends til you controll all of planet Earth. There are hardly any good strategy games made for android, but this is extreemly good. Well worth of its money. At first I thought it wasn't worth 0.99$ to get, but I was wrong. This game literally is different everytime you play. You can use the words, "anything can happen. " when you play. Great great game. Looking forward to more countries and newer updates. Best mobile Strategy! NICE It's a good game not only you play different times in history but you can edit those maps and see what happens in map editor. but the population of some countries are inaccurate like for Some reason Russia in modern world map Has 1.7 BILLION PEOPLE??? I get it's a big country but the Asian part has alot of snow I would like it if the population was more accurate but overall it's a Good game I would love that you add special troops that stay on the sea only and that it would be the navy, also would like that you add more leaders, and more scenarios, and fix the bugs, thank you sir Lukas. I love this game, it is one of my favorites. However i have encountered alot of bugs with the game so i had to uninstall and install again multiple times This game is the best game I've ever played,but can I say that your game should have bombing and air raids. I love it it's very nice 😍🙂 i love all the additions to the gameplay, but that seems to come with major glitches and saving problems. i have yet to finish a game yet because it always gets deleted or reset to near the beginning. the first game was too simplistic and he gave us all the more complicated features we asked for but I feel like its an unfinished product from a technical viewpoint. I also wish there was a way to remove the buildings graphics because they make places like Japan and Germany non-viewable Great game Great game, although i recommend adding "Select all provinces" to make it easier when i want to send a Threat to a country. It crash every 1/2 times i try to open something and it has the worse UI i every use. I liked the game before but now you can't even create new scenarios Great game i have no problems wit it but i'd like to see an option in diplomacy where you could start a revolution in a country for your ideology Definatley worth the money. Is there ever going to be a WW1 and Cold War Scenario? An airforce would be amazing as well. And maybe a Roman Imperial Era? Incredible to think this was all made by one person. Great game! Lots of fun to pass the time with on long journeys. Can you please solve the economy bug in which certain provinces are stuck at a rating of 99 economy? Love the game but it's extremely annoying how I need to manually solve this issue for each province, games aren't supposed to feel like a chore but that's how you feel when you need to work around such issues so I'd be really glad if you could look into this issue and hopefully solve it. It randomly stopped working and now I cant play it because I cant change the turn. Love this game. Just think you should definitely add elections, family dynasties/heirs, actual rulers and politics into the game to spice up the game. It's more interesting to have a constant changing political climate and different rulers rather than some countries having a famous ruler as their country profile or none at all. Also would be nice if you guys added a scenario where we start in 3000 BC when there was only a couple countries and mostly tribes all over the world. Its fun and i can play with frends Amazing This game is super good but I reel would like it to be for free 5€ is quite alot but good game I give 1 star to this game because no update in maps Specially where is princely states in british Raj??? Also need 1700AD or 1500AD map. Great strategy game but needs AI diplomacy update Good for a single dev its really glitchy and I had to Uninstall it as it was messing my tablet a brand new tablet also needs more maps Its a good overall game, but every time I save then quit a game, and later come back to click load game, the app shuts down and there's no save file The game i would actually play on mobile. Hebat , tapi bisa diberi tambahan seperti , dapat mengatur distrik agar lebih mudah mengelola wilayah , Lebih banyak provinsi , lebih banyak kerajaan dan skenario , dan Pelabuhan di sungai It would be a 5 star rating but I have had this game for quite a while and have had hardly any changes. The "update in November 2020" wasn't even a update. It was a title change with a couple of patches. This game needs a major update it's awesome, but gets dull once you become the dominant power. next turn bug makes the game unplayable Needs to be updated There is a glitch usually around midgame where I can't do diplomacy anymore and their opinion sits at 0, please fix Good game but crashes nearly in every big war. You need to save before each turn, which is annoying. If you buy a game, it shouldn't crash randomly. This game is quite unrealistic as you can declare war on a country for no reason and the gamplay of Classical Sparta are the same as Victorian Spain.Also the gameplay is bad because diplomacy is so simplistic (and unrealistic).For example, the only reason to reduce relations is to send an ultimatum, but the AI does it all the time.The world goes to hell the second the game starts as countries start attacking each other, even in the "Modern World" scenario.I can only write 500 letters in review😡 Good game but if you play enough you'll find a neverending black hole of gliches and bug that gets really annoying Broken. Save files never load. I only wish he would give us more maps but they are still great. Love this game, when I get my pc fixed I'm definitely getting this first :) obviously it does have its problems, but that's not the games fault more it is it being on mobiles. By far my number 1 purchase from the playstore! Would recommend to anyone who's in to these country war games, especially playing with the editor! My fav part! Love the game but how do i play a scenario Let's just start off by saying that this game is absolutely amazing especially when it comes to the previous AOC1. The only issue is when large scale campaigns around the 3000 turn mark begins to notice glitches within the AI and the game itself. But as for a single individual doing most of the development for this game it is quite impressive. My experience with this game WAS phenomenal until the save system broke. It only actually saves every once in a while regardless of how.many times I manually do it Updated my old 5 star review because the game is buggy and there is no updates that fix that! otherwhise its pretty good. I love this but it will be beautiful when you can see the cities and their development from small to large There are quite a few different bugs, but the game is still great. It proves to be quite a challenge, balancing economy, military, and skill. I am hooked on this game, can't get off it! Its a good game hard to master Brilliant game but definitely has a few flaws. One being the interface isn't the best on mobile but is manageable... also would love a WW1 scenario and maybe a GAME OF THRONES. Good game concept but there are many giltches that should be fixed especially the game constantly crashing . And the trade option needs work literally no country would buy my land no matter how cheap it is . And the game senarios in this for example 1936 are extremely unreal and not historically accurate . In the ww2 senario for some reason countries are way more richer and powerful then they were in real life . Overall ill give this game a 3 it needs alot of work 1. Add an Airforce, which needs only 1 turn to arrive at destination but costs double and needs money to go somewhere. 2. Add an Navy, which can go double as fast on water and can't go on land. 3. Add elections and heirs to make it more realistic but when a new ruler is chosen you can still control with other ruler. 4. Add a way to make a vassal that is not Democratic. Also that guy named Jurified is right. A great game Really appreciated it's a very good game I play it almost everyday, but theres a glitch where relations with other civs are stuck at zero and I can't improve or disimprove It's really good and worth the money only downside is I can't seem to save my game after I conquer most of the world. This is an amazing game. One thing I'd like is for a WW1 game mode and map. But overall great game! Love this game but it won't save past turn 4392 and gets very buggy. Worth it Great game This game is broken. A lot of bugs are happening... I felt like I bought a broken game. What a waste of money. Great game but the gliches and bugs really drag it down in what I can rate it. Have a great time playing Age of History 2, because I enjoy being the biggest country and taking out other countries so i can be the biggest. Even before I got this game I would do it on paper in a way, but I don't anymore, because I got this game. It's like a wild fantasy come true for me at least, it's hard to explain. Thank you to the people that created this game for me and many others. This is great to pass the time, And if you did not have hoi4, or eu4. Also its great to watch a battel royal. BUT..... i cant download mods, and flags because there is no good tutorials and i dont know how to do it sense most of the mods are on P.C. would hope the ceator would make it easier for mobile players for those who dont have a computer. Blows balls its really unrealistic when you make peace with a nation you cant take all land it really sucks and nations are always declare war on you Gud Med Best strategy game out there i love it but the bugs are annoying it crashes my game also you can't exit the game which sucks like when you want to leave you can't. Fantastic game... unfortunately the large scale campaigns can't be completed because the game in the late phases keeps bugging and won't save. I have replayed the same moves and couple of rounds now about 8 times. I am giving up in it. Got to 43% world domination with israel... and thats as far as i go. I updated and cleared the cache. Still no go. yeah it's pretty poggers, few features that could be included like diversified armies and some events but all in all a fairly solid experience Such a perfect game. I played the demo and i thought it was cool so i bought it then it froze as soon as i hit play There is a large bug in the game, i will email you about it. It is too hard to explain in this. I have a video. It a great game the I can play hours on end however I would wish if there was a way map or a punic map A very good strategy and sandbox game. It does let you play not just with the available cenarios, but this game will let you even CREATE your own! I give 5 stars because of all of this factors. Spectator mode is my favorite, because I like seeing the AI trying to do something and fighting between themselves in my own cenario. I think that it is super worth it to buy it. Good game but so annoying with the constant rebellions. I was 1 country away for winning but constant rebellions caused me to just give up. It is impossible to win when 50 rebellions pop up every turn. Also AI is way too wonky at times. Sorry I'm new to game nm I figured it out. Can the makers add in air forces and carrier groups or naval groups. Better yet breakthrough of armor fronts rhat are unpredictable, where armies get bonus attack. It would really be fun if it had missile antmissile systems and more. Maybe road and railroad systems and spies. Hope you update it is best game ever. Thank you. Do not buy this game on a mobile device, waste of money it lags and don't even work when you try to press on what your trying to press I wish nukes were in the game and it can be a bit frustrating but besides that it's a good game Best game you should get it it might look a lot but it's not just get a $10 gift card So, I Save a Game But When I Reload I Spawn With Some Random Native Tribes in America when My Kingdom Was In Africa, Wth Gotta give it a 5 star rating just because of the Emu War. Havent even played yet I wills say its an epic game just one complain , the game dosent allows to make special units like tanks and cannons so just add it and plz dont just let enemy to spam forces I really liked the game. But can you add a keyboard for like the sea level Lukas love this game but can u add better diplomatic things like in hoi4 and can u make a better war system cause I was Germany invade France all of it and they didn't surrender i think if u control thier home land they should surrender but overall a good game needs more scenarios bug and bug and bug... Amazing strategy sandbox game limited only by your imagination I'l change it to 4 stars if the developers 1. add a way to edit province development and economy in the editor 2. Make using already existing scenarios easier (for example currently you can only have 1 different version of the same scenario and saving the original deletes the changes of the copy) 3. The AIs can actualy make alliances themselves. The game is great I can use screen shots for portraits but I wish they had portraits for genrals Love this game poured lots of hrs into it creating vassal states and biulding a stable country. Sadly after a certain amount of turns it no longer saves or simply crashes when you attempt to save. Add more provinces, make this more like hearts of iron 4, so it can be more fun to play. Entertaining and well made Probably one if the best strategy games ever, I don't think there is anything wrong with it! I love this game. But there are some things I woud like to be added 1. A economic deal policy (like constant trades between civilizations) 2. There sould be more senerios like WW1, The Russian Revolution, Cold War, American Revolution, and more 3. there should be an option if there would be historical events to happend 4.if you make a trade to for a nation to go to war with other nation you should be able to promis them land after the war is over I give this 5 stars. It is an amazing game, a few bugs but its totally worth the money. Although I would like to see a navy added. For example you build special troops that can only stay in oceans, rivers, etc. Also an Airforce, maybe you could build an Airport the specific troops could jump over a few provinces. Anyway those are some ideas. Great game and keep up the amazing work. This game is extremely good a specially for a mobile phone game but I am expieriancing a glitch were literally no country will ally with me even if I have a 100 relation with them how do I fix this? Great game. A few bugs and problems Multiplayer? LAN I love this app, it's basically EU4 for mobile and I've had many hours of fun playing it. However there are issues that need to be fixed, for example in a recent campaign I was doing a world conquest, I opened my save and my game started at turn 1200ish when I was well into turn 1800. Sure it's annoying and this wouldnt be an issue since I could just retrace my moves and get back to where I was - except this happens alot and makes the game unplayable. Please fix. Minor bugs plague the game also. Good game, only problem is that it deleted one of my senerios. Reeeee Awsome game but some bugs,I think its my phone though Would be a beast of a game if it had multiplayer like fr just add mp and its godly game Hard to understand but once you get the hang of it it's very fun There is a bug where when I try to load one of my saves it loads but goes back to the screen when we get into the game so when I load again it does load but I can't pass a turn but overall it is a great game. It is very great game and overall pretty.Sometimes a little frustrating but it is a good game.pls add ww1 scenario What would be a good game is ruined by a clunky and useless movement point system that the AI is seemingly unrestrained by. Best "grand strategy" type of game you will find on the playstore. The only downside is your army is just a group of numbers with no different type of units. When battling its usually the biggest number wins with a slight RNG variable to it. As for other parts of the game you have massive control over things like the economy (taxes, investments) politically (diplomats, government types, alliances, vassal states) infrastructure(castles, forts, farms, hospitals). Overall a great strategy game This is the best mobile paradox game I was going to get hearts of Iron 4 but this is better Its good I cant stop playing. But, i have a problem. I have reached turn 1,350 and the game no longer saves it saids it does but it reverts to my last save. It was turn 1,300 Mediocre and far too easy game ruined by the atrocious AI. An example with this is when a country from the other side of the world declares on you for no particular reason except because it can. For example, Tuvalu declaring war on the UK and Botswana declaring war on France. When would this happen?? This also creates bordergore which is also a problem with the game. I do enjoy this game a little, but it is ruined by mentally deficient AI and overall EU4 is a far more enjoyable experiance. The game is great! One Idea I have is that you have the option to show countries by polandball instead of names. Now THAT would be cool! Another thing, could you add WW1 scenario? I love this app. It takes me back to the time frame of history and enables me to change the historic course of time. I enjoy playing as each civilisation also. To the creators of this game. Give yourself a huge pat on the back! You've done incredible with it my friend! And I enjoy it wholeheartedly! Thank you for the awesome scenarios too. Perfect❤❤ Love the game. Gets me through my day, but there is a problem. I found a solution to the save problem. If you click on the square button on your phone when you save and exit the game, it allows the save. No problem showed. Great way to save what you did. If you don't believe me, I tested it out so many times and it works. No refund It is very exellent stratagy game and five star for it.but I have one opinion that please add scenario of Russian revolution,American independence,Northern war,thirty years war,world War1,cold war and various historical wars. It is a wonderful game. I am waiting for new scenarios.Please add World War 1 scenario. 시작한지 2년은 된것 같네요. 처음에는 폰으로 다운받아 했지만 어느정도 턴이 지나면 저장이 안되는 버그로 인해 한동안 못하다가 컴으로 해보면 어떨까라는 생각에 컴퓨터에 다운받아 잘하고 있네요. 저장안되는 버그는 스마트폰 용량 때문에 생긴것으로 판명?난듯 합니다. 컴퓨터에서는 저장 잘됩니다. 외교버그는 여전하네요. 업데이트 안하는것도 여전하고 건승하세요 Edit: 1 star because no update I love the game but wish it would get updated instead of makeing a new game. Also what if you update it again what if you made a pangea map Good, but i wish there was a way to find out how to do a timelapse. I also wish the map editor was in the mobile app. Great game but will there every be a ww1 scenario Its a good game but i think it needs updates like u can see the troops or change your leader when your playing as a country that is a democracy to have electins or if a monarcy u can merry your childrn of to improve relations if their is a new country u can make your child a leader of that country also for example if your poland and your communist trying to form poland-lithuania its sould be socalist replublic of poland lithuania and change its flag thats request please update the game Great game. But need to Fix the "save" bug... I like this game a lot. I finally got the money to buy this game. =] Thia is my favorite mobile game. I recommend it as a strategy game, it's fun, easy to learn, but hard to master. Great Game. Could be an awesome game if WE COULD SAVE PROGRESS, please FIX this The game contains many small bug that add up. Also the author ignores all suggestions and refuses to make the game open source to allow better modding, he also lied about some features that were supposed to be added. Lastly he is milking money from people by releasing the same game where it will just be a map of Europe with the same provinces for the same price as the original This is a great game. Unfortunately, I am having an issue with the "Next Turn" button not working after a number of rounds. Not something you can jump straight into. Rather confusing at first.. Awesome game Auto-save error still not fixed in game. Not balanced and after a few times playing you can notice many things broken e.g Tech, growth, economy, how the enemy will have JUST enough numbers to defeat the army you use eventhough there were no warning to the AI country. Gg I will not rate this with 5 stars becuase i have the 99% load bug. But i like the rest of the game. Amazing game love it a few annoying bugs but nothing game breaking It's a great mobile turn based stradegy. But fir mobile, it needs to fix some stuff. The leaders don't save when you create them;only one of my games has permanently saved, with the others deleting themself after I close the app despite me saving;there's no way to paste URLs for pictures for certain leaders;and when adding large swathes of wasteland, it will begin to lag with the brush. Other then that, the game is great! Best strategy game ever. But can be improve if needed. For instance the army can have a change in strength when they are in a different types of technology. For example if the country have 0.25 tech with 100 troop want to attack a country with 0.35 tech troop. He need like 125 more cuz different level of tech that they have. Thank you Great Game But Not Perfect, It Would Be Better If They Added A WW1 Map and make it possible to chose a region like the middle east without destroying everything else Good Can we have a peace mode where countries doesn't attack and declare war to each other unless you make them. This Game Is Absolutely Tremendous! IT'S GREAT FOR PEOPLE WITH LEADER MENTALITIES & PATIENCE I Over All Love It No Complaints🙏🏾🙏🏾 This game is a actual strategy game whick is great. This game was exactly what I was looking for, definitely worth that money. I love the editor system in this game you can make almost anything from a entire new map to making a new county. Right the only thing I would recommend is to improve rebel mechanics. Such as make rebels a thing you can influence in the editor and when you support rebels in game easier, and balancing the trade system. Great game! Pricey but worth it! There's hundreds more countries than the lite version. It's worth the money. Crashes about 50% of the time if i switch to another app and back again. Awsome love it. Only if it were online then this would be a 5 star. Appalling UI and overly complex for no good reason. Imagine Civ but made intensely more complicated, less fun and without logical or coherent menus. Originally wanted to give this 5 stars, but after encountering the common 'save' bug it is now unplayable. I'm really disappointed as otherwise it's a fantastic game. Other bugs - relationships randomly sour, economy tanks when warring despite no movements or casualties (unsure if bug but it doesn't make sense). I would avoid until the issues are sorted but judging by the forums it looks like they aren't being addressed. There are some problems in the game like at the middle of the game the diplomatic relations between countries become 0, also there is no Arabic language. I wish that will help to make this game better 🙏 No very good fix the soft lock that makes you uninstall it it makes it unplayable You need:By the way also on the main map on this game to have the Canadian provineces & Some of the state capitals of usa are "NOW" out dated & add nukes & definetly on dimplomacy when you select a diffrent nation add A join Nation button & keep the form union though & dont forget add other planets! I loved the game until some stuff with the interface broke and I can no longer play. Can't believe I wasted my money on an unplayable and glitchy game with thousands of bugs. Good game ! Keep it up ! This is one of the best conquest games i've ever played. Definitely worth the price. I wish that there was a WWI scenario but other than that, it's a perfect game. I can't continue to play the game I saved....fix the problem please This game is a gorgeously beautiful game only 1. World War they'd better bring online mode to the game. Bu oyun muhteşem bir güzellikte sadece 1. Dünya savaşı nı getirmeleri lazım bir de oyuna online mod gelmesi lazım Naprawde świetna gra strategiczna warta swoich pieniędzy. Sam spędziłem nad nią już kilkaset godzin i nadal jest ciekawa choć czasami potrafi być żmudna. Gra jest całkiem prosta i ma przejrzysty interface ale na początku można się pogubić. Brakuje mi jedynie podziału na marynarke i wojska lądowe. Grafikę ma ładną, bugów dużo nie ma a jak są to małe i prawie niezauważalne. Świetna robota Łukasz! Oby tak dalej! Great game just one suggestion tho, can you make a list of all the tracks used in game and the artists who made them cuz I really like the music. It is definitely an improvement from the first game so I have to give credit where it's due. The AI could use some improvement but the overall game is fun 10/10 best hearts of iron 4 mobile game in my opinion 10/10 would buy if you love games like ck3 and hoi4 you will love this game its really hard to see provinces since flags or aemy number take up too much space Add Federalism, Socialism,Nat Bolshevik, Nationalism, and Bolshevikism as governments also add American revolution, and ww1 also add Technocracy Bonapartism Constitutional monarchy Federal monarchy Unitarism Confederacy Colonial Tzarism Feminism Patriotism Theocracy Kaiser Corporation add more nations and add more troops like 6.4 quadrillion troops bug soft lock makes it unplayable fix it Sometimes bugs but still fun I love it! So fun to make scenarios and then play 'em! But I would like if you added San Marino and the Vatican City to the Modern World, but apart from that it is definitely a great game! Theif. Its a good game but if the game of thrones map is on here it would be dope and it would sell more Epic This game is very fun but I can't save my game. I am really pissed that I can't go farther with a game that's on the 1900 turn. It has gotten a lot better! Poggers Best Game I've Ever Played Good game but please add more years like American revolution and ww1 also cold war just things like that please. FINAL EDIT: Despite the lackadaisical efforts given by the devolper to fix issues years after the first problems became apparent, the game remains hopelessly buggy. I guess half a million dollars in revenue is too little to invest in making your game function as advertised. If it worked, 5 stars. It doesn't, downgraded to 1 star. Its quite buggy and the settings are quite lack luster, bugs can completely ruin playthroughs but other than that i love it I love the game however there is a bug. When I go to play a game like Modern World or a different one, when I zoom in I see two maps. Can you please fix this as this is my favorite game. An example is as I zoom in on Russia it shows the map of the Balkans. Thank you. Overall 4 stars & 1 loss for a crashing issue. I don't know if the dev aware about it. But it occur sometime while playing & more often when opening the app. Hope the dev see this through. Very good app. Similar to EU-IV Occasional problems arise in super late stage gameplay (skips last 5-10 years) Also, sometimes diplomacy button doesn't work at all Excellent game. Reminds me of Hearts Of Iron. One of the best strategy games on mobile. Does it have an official discord channel? I hope it does and if it doesn't, i hope it would. And for those who are confused on how to increase their country's income, development etc. You can build workshops, fund research and invest economy and technology :) It's a great game have fun playing it and almost have everything i want in a conquest game. But i have a suggestion. Can you make a multiplayer gameplay or make it that we can message other countries and for example. "Poland stop your invasion or face immediate retaliation". Something like that or make an option that can send a request to stop the invasion of my allies or something good Absolutely the best grand strategy game on mobile, dev activly responds to community, well worth the small price! except, every now and then the game breaks and the diplomacy won't open and then I have to uninstall the game. the game is a great strategy game but no matter how much money u give trades are useless. Any diplomacy isn't explained and having a really good relationships still doesn't any unions or alliances and predetermined relationships can never be improved. And u never can really win its like your opponents have endless armies but maxed province can barely produce 10000 troops Its broken, the latest update has broken the game, after a certain amount if time it causes visual glitches, black screens, and unwanted restarts. I cant play the game at all and even starting a new one doesn't work. Uninstalling the app didnt work for long and it started again. I wish it have like tanks, airplanes and more. Still a good game When I play the map America I play as any state then I attack a state as the same power as me and some how they are way more powerful then me so then they end up defeating me It is a great game with wonderful scenarios, but I wish there was more scenarios, like the cold war period or ww1 Very fun game. Just the lag. The lag is taking over my phone 🤣 Really good! Person has ditched this game for cash grabes. This is brilliant! It's like a mobile HOI4! The best strategy game for mobile. To the developer i think its a good game but i think you should add a world war 1 scenario and add some sort of focus tree in there to during your next update i mean at lest add a world war 1 scenario you cant have world war 2 without world war 1 but im still goning to put 5 stars I think it will be good if you can make the AI follow the history way and i hope you will fix the bugs. This is a massive step up from the original and I would like more things for combat but overall 10/10 game The most impressive thing about this game is how many bugs the developer has managed to cram into one game Refuses to install What began as an okay game at launch; to what could've been a good game with time; turned into a messy, abandoned, rubbish game full of bugs that'll never be patched and complete disappointment. The scenario/map editor blows. The gameplay would be fun if not for the glaring bugs. The graphics/sound are meh. The music is the only GOOD thing about the game and, uh, funnily enough it's all taken from Kevin MacLeod. The dev also changed the name of the game for an easy cash grab, too. Shameless! 👀 I love this game it was the grand strategy game everyone wanted. It's simple but fun and is also easy to learn Best history game after hearts of iron 4 It's very fun indeed. However it would be great for the main Earth map to have Canadian provinces have their proper borders as well. Amazing game definitely worth the purchase really recommended Its good but a lot of bugs that needs fixing so im rating it 2 star till it get fix. 1 of the best games i play A little laggy Because of how many civilizations are at once But ntl its a great game my only complaint is that my saves are lost when I switch devices causing me 2 have completed the game 4 times and not be able to switch the saves over and losing my progress so try to add google play saving compatibility Crash in the middle of game and it's not save....pls fix it Really cool game. Obviously, it needs work. And I know it's pointless as the dev won't make massive changes or improvements in the mobile version. They are many other better games similar to this one, like HOI4 and Stellaris, but this is mobile. Mobile. Outstanding for mobile, compared to the garbage Voodoo pumps out. Best game I've downloaded in a long time diplomacy strategy economy all bunched up into one grand strategy map game it's amazing i really want more updates tho Just some new content although there is already so much to offer some more would be cool Worth the €5 if you ar a strategy enthusiast Amazing game but plz fix the saving it crashes instead of saving So fun. So many choices .I never get bored playing it Game is good, only things that are bad or can be improved are: -bug that makes all relations 0 -bug that destroys economy of province and it cant go more than 99 -when a civ forms sometimes flag becomes black Everything else is fine It would be a 5 star but, it doesn't wanna save :( Good game The strategy game is really good and I like it but I want to tell you can you add the Russian Civil War scenario please 4.3 star, it wont let me peace with an alliance I'm at war with while they are at war with an alliance IM fighting What the hell? Is this some kind of joke? Where is tech tree? Are you making us fool? Stupid game for stupid people! All these 100k+ plus downloaders are maybe be idiot or may be you guys make them fool! Just give us some technology! Oh my god I cannot believe the dev came back and updated the game!! Please keep it up! I'm changing to 5 stars for that Game is good but I need more scenarios Amazing though after some time it gets a little boring Great! However I feel like since you included nations like Monaco I think you should include other nations like Liechtenstein and San Marino! Bug where it doesn't save right and I cannot go back into my saved game, it needs fixed so I can get back to being able to play Nothing new on update I like this game bc l can create it This game is really good, HOWEVER... Since its launch in late 2018, the developer has not fixed the main issue that renders this game unplayable. After 3000 or so rounds the game simply does not save. I've tried everything. I payed for this game with my hard earned money and I get a faulty product that is unplayable. The Dev is obviously aware but simply choses not to do anything about it. I will not support this game anymore. Thoroughly dissatisfied, disappointed and robbed. Worth every penny! Just wondering how come this game able to compressed into mobile format. Good job for developer Who are you and what did you do to age of civilizations? All jokes aside it's a pretty fun game and I enjoy it. Recommend to strategy gamers. I was so happy to see how diverse this game is. I can't tell u how happy I was to see my Alaskan Tribe and others too! Autosave ruined my game, no option to turn it off. Good but can you fix the economy glitch where sometimes some provinces only cap at 99 and won't go up no matter what The game is good and all, but During any map I play on it would cut out australia, part of the Soviet Union, part of canada and alaska. It only does not cut them out when I have spectator mode on. The closest to a grand strategy game on Android and the best of its kind. Too bad it's full of bugs that make it very, very hard to play. Good and all but the bigger the country the more gold they generate... basically unfair This is the greatest game ever! It is a ton of fun. It is hard to get good at though the AI is kinda OP in my opinion. But if you changed that this game would be alot better. Best Game Ever! So Basiclly I Installed The Lite Version and Then I Cant Do Scenarios! I Was Freaking Upset About That. And THEN I Saw The Real! BUT It Costs Phillipine Peso. :( So I Told My Tita (Aunt) To Buy. And Then I Have It! Pls Make The Game Free So That Nobody Will Spend Their Money. It's a good game just has some big flaws for map makers. Tou can only have one custom map at a time and the others get deleted Horrible teaches nothing about strategy doesnt teach u how to play are u happy u got my money Multiplayer please It's a good game but it's very buggy. For example, I was playing as Russia and colonizing but then my game bugged out and wouldn't let time move. Please fix this problem. Its a really good game, just wish i could play on pc cus i own this, is there any way and im just dumb? So unfair and so poorly programmed Its a really fun game overall but, it has a lot of bugs which is to be expected from a game with 1 creator overall tho its amazing It's very fun to play this horrible i cant under stnd it Best world strategy game out there on mobile. i think Great potential, but the developer can't handle criticism. So decided to stop updating after the last update. And what's even more funny is how the last update is literally 16 day's after the game released. Oh and the game is crazy and crashes.. I want my money back. edit So I came back and he decided to "make a update" which wasn't really a update. Second why haven't you fixed your game you dumbass, ended up running away with my 4 dollars hope your "happy" with it you imbecile. Absolutely amazing game. I wish to see more maps like WW1 and Revolutionary War. Edit- My answer doesn't change, this game is great, but why did the name change to Age of History 2 instead on Age of Civilizations 2, other that that, amazing game I love this game but I wish there were more updates to it but that doesn't hurt the game at all SOO much fun! Recently, everytime i play AOH and make a scenario I try to move to move my screen around it moves the settings. But overall great game! This is a great game, but there are a couple bugs I would like to mention. One is where my saves keep getting broken and unplayable. The other is that I can only have 1 custom senario per age or else it deletes the previous one in that age. If those bugs where fixed this would be a 5 star game. I spent a lot of time playing it when suddenly the game stopped to work, and I lost all progress of weeks. This game is perfect on desktop, but here is disappointing. There is a bug that won't let me load into the game and this is my favourite game. Really great game but the bugs are overwhelming. For example when I refuse a truce, the option keeps on coming which means every 10 seconds I have to reject. Small bugs like that just end up making it unplayable. Good concept but the new update just runs it. Before the update I would have told you not to buy it but it's updated and update makes things better mostly all this complaints you see in the other reviews Ok I found this Easter egg in the game and idk if anyone se has found it yet but very cool lmao 🤣 5 stars To small to read and control all the various options on my Galaxy Note! Did tutorial but still clueless how to effectively control. Quickly lost interest as I was getting frustrated. Congrats, you got my four bucks. Good game. Very addictive! I spent a lot of hours in it, and what I really appreciate, is that with every new map the game changes a lot. What I actually don't like, it's buggy af. I know, I know, indie-game, but still, here's an example: I played for ~850 turns, and then suddenly both diplomacy and next turn buttons stopped working. Both restart of the game and device itself did nothing, something just broke. I am not returning, but there sure is something to remember! I like it for the most part but it get to lagy Where to begin... This game is one of the most fun mobile games I've ever played. the gameplay is simple but yet addicting. the map making is amazing especially for a mobile game. The customization of the game settings is very good. However there are quite a number of glitches for example the islands above Canada permanently being a black rectangle or the turns continuously becoming more and more laggy as time goes on. And the game does not seem to get very many updates overall great game 10/10 The mobile strategy game I have been looking for !! Great fun.Only improvement I can see would be adding more scenarios. Promising but not enough yet For some reason all relations become 0, i can't improve nor reduce relationship between states, i can't send ultimatum it's. Ultimatum is very important for this game and this bug makes me unable to use it. Please fix this. There are a lot of bugs but overall it is a great game It's an interesting game and i like it, but please, very please do updates, it's almost 2 years without update.There's a bug when I play the Age of Civilization, when I play Neutral province:Colonize, It always give the money into 0, please fix that. Also if you can, please add a migrant feature, where the people can move between provinces, and also a feature to help stop a pandemic please... thank you GREAT GAME!!! When I got the update on my tablet I was SO happy to get it at last! I like the different sernareos like WW2,Victorian eara and 1440. I would like if there was mods but it ok. Every day when I finish my homework I play it for 2 hours!! I love the game!! Thanks lucas!! My phone has 6gb of ram and after some time the game cannot be saved anymore because ram is insufficient. You probably won't hit that wall in the 2 hours when you can get a refund. So I would advice against buying it unless you have more ram. I LOVE IT, I have over 200 hours and I love the details in this game, tho I wish they made community map maker so that you can look at other people's maps that they've made, other than that it's awesome Game is good but diplomacy button doesn't work it covers my screen with it for a second then goes away can't do anything now with the game. Well now it say diplomatic relations are zero but i cant improve or have bad diplomacy with any other nations Need to fix Amazing game, pretty much the best world style tbs war game on mobile, but one thing that I would like to see is a medium sized province world map as the small one is a bit too simple and the large map is just a bit too laggy for Mobile, so maybe a 1-2000 province map would be great, looking forward to future updates, keep up the good work. This game is great, but there is a game breaking autosave bug that doesn't let you save. The turns will progress if you save on your own, but the actual progress in the game stays where it is. You can't continue after that, no matter what you do. Please fix this bug its a good game trust me it is This guy is amazing, being able to fit a huge game like this into a little tiny phone is quite something, plus it's a war/strategy game which are kinda rare in these mobile times. The only problem with this game is that the controls are a bit confusing and it can crash at times but thats what you should expect from a game that is this big. There also some other flaws about this game but their so minor, I won't even acknowledge them. Hope you can make more games like this man! while the game is fun and has a lot of replayability, I feel like there are some thing that still need to be implented. for instance, why is there no WW1 start date? the countries are already in the game so it would only be a matter of putting them on the map and customizing relations. also, why did we get a start date for the emu war and the boer war before WW1? what I'm saying is: it is a really good game, It just needs a few more start dates Good game, very fun to play The game is really enjoyable but i am not giveing 5 stars is because the x1 scales breaks but i do not know if it id my device or it is the game. It's a fun game, i do wish the events worked though Top Notch War Strategy type game, interesting different campaign modes 2 choose from; Historically accurate N so challenging too!⭐⭐⭐⭐\\(SUPERB JOB CREATING THIS GAME 4 US)****📱🎮🏅 Ya um... how bouta update bud? The game is great amd its also great to see you back Lukasz, but will u make it so that we can access ingame files so we can download maps more easily please? So we dont have to go out of our way to download apk downloaders and apps to open files for just a scenario just like in the PC version of Age of Civilization 2 (History)? Im pretty sure alot of us would love that 😁 Amazing game and overall rather tough, provides challenge Amazing turn based strategy, worth every penny. Love it! Wish the developer would put a colonial Era map, and make the Napoleanic war map a full map instead of just Europe A great game with minor flaws. The concept is fun, challenging, hard and irritating. Need more choices on the ui scale in the setting menu. The soundtracks are great and make u feel the pressure especially if you are in a war especially in large scale wars. The are not many tutorials other than the tutorial on showing what icons on the screen mean. Tips are hard to come by, though i am learning the games myself, it is very very frustrating and cofusing. 👍👍 Still very frustrated that my game progress won't save. It's been two years. The date will save but the progress will not. I was hoping that the update would fix this but unfortunately it has not. Multiplayer should come Great game for playing and spectating I gave this 3 stars becaues 1 you dont have new map like cold war 2 still with maps you have no ww1 map! The thing is that they take forever to respo nd and all they say is fixed with an update ??? What do u mean like tell us more what you gonaa do with your game but overall great game! Please add a Cold War scenario with new features and decisions like nukes The update that was meant to fix the 99% bug actually gave me the bug that I didn't have prior to the update Since when did it become Age of History? the reason I'm rating this 3 stars because there's a problem when ever I get big random countries like right next to me or across the map declare war on me and the countries right next to me that declare war on me send troops to my border and take control of it some how with me have more troops than then on the border and next turn it then says the country declared war on me wich I already know now and when I send a lot of troops to a country I have a little bit more troops than them they win It's a lot of fun I love being able to create my own scenarios is a lot of fun I just wish y'all would create the great war or world war 1 scenario Great game, but feel a bit boring in the end and too little feature and customisation, but also be a great strategy game It's fun for about an hour, its unfinished and the dev's have stopped development on the android version, waste of money. If you're going to buy it on PC buy a paradox grand strat game instead Absolutely amazing game and only gets better when u learn it was made entirely or at least mainly made by him, a very deep and a literal discount paradox game which just increases it's power as a mobile game. Only reasons I won't give it a full t stars is that it's rather slow changing turns and it's a bit blotchy which I hope will be taken out in future updates It wont save! Or it saves and then when you load up again its miles back from where you were originally! I paid money for this and I keep having to go back and replay wars I have already won! Very, very frustrating. Also getting into a battle with an allied AI in the province sometimes causes a war with your ally. All in all would be a good game if these buts were fixed There is a bug where, after a while, relations are all zero and don't change. Please fix. Otherwise excellent game! Edit; here I am waiting for a fix, only to hear that you're working on a III. As excited as I am, it'd be nice for you to commit to something. Either update this game, or let this new game be your final commitment, where you'll finally actually keep updating it. Thanks! I've spent so much time with this game and its previous versions. This game has made a lot of progress from the original. I hope the developer updates it though! I would love some additional scenarios and for there to be new world leaders! I struggle creating my own scenarios but I still love playing the game! The save option doesn't work.. It's a paid app, everything should be working properly. My experience with the game is legitimate addicted!!😍 I cannot stop playing it and especially I would over past my bedtime trying to beat the game. It also helps you on how to strategize.❤ A fast response to the crash has led to great expectations, and great results. A suggestion for a future update, choosing what government your vassal states will be, and to remove the bugs that don't allow you on mobile to add leaders and delete formable civilizations on the list. Cool game but takes time Once you get used to it is a great game. Omg I love it can you add a space age version where it is in space on multiple planets. Please update I rated it 5 stars. It just means you changed the name. :) Worth the price most definitely. However, have come across issues as of late with unresponsive tabs as well as glitches with resource display. Barring that, excellent game as a successor to the first. I keep encountering something I hope is a bug where every time I tab out of the game, it restarts like I've closed the app. It does the same thing when my phone goes into sleep mode: which is often when I'm waiting for something to load. It's incredibly frustrating and leaves me to both repeat everything I've done that didn't get saved and stuck waiting for the game to load only for my phone to go into sleep mode again. The game is wonderful to play but this bug makes it much harder to have fun. BEST GAME EVER!!! Good game, but I came back to it and the turn button won't work. Im using a Chromebook . Maybe you can do something about it? I literally play this for over one thousand turns each game I play. I generally play edited maps that I created to roleplay and have fun. This is the most amazing game on the app store for this type of game. I would put this game on the level of Civ & Total war. It's well made, and balanced. I have never encountered bugs or glitches either. I have absalotly no idea how to play because it does not explain how to play at all and it is glitcy. Very confusing game :( _____WASTE OF MONEY!!!!_____ and every time i play as russia china always invades me and when i say always i mean ALWAYS!!!! at the end of one game i ended up losing and that was not a one time occurance i loose every time because like half of the nations in the world declare war on me without me doing a single thing it worked fine for the first week now it is just broken! Its one of the best strategy games for mobile phones, but there are plenty of buggs and nonsense in this game, the AI in this game sucks and you dont really feel like you're having fun. You will get very bored with this game because there arent enough nations that are formable and their are no benefits in many countries, it feels like a waste of my money and it didn't cost much. A lot of the land is just barren wasteland, I mean Tulsa is a large city and there are plenty of cities in the Amazon. I like the game, just very unstable and you will reset the game about every 1500 - 2000 turns which you will only conquer 5 - 20% of the province. You will never conquer the world... The game jas to fix its bug, otherwise, it will be too late. I really like this game. Its the best strategy game ever for sure. I learned a lot playing this like presidents or borders of countries. I would only wanted from you to ad and refresh some presidents for some countries. I really love this game besides the lack of functions that is on the pc edition of this game i hope you add the WWI scenario map but still good game Wheres the ww1 scenario we've asked for ages for Amazing but rip civilizations There are a few problems saving but mostly what I have a problem with is the fact that you can trade to have nations go to war with each other for nothing regardless of how much they like you and they'll say yes even if it's suicide. Please fix this and I'll rate 5 Same thing has begun happening again roughly around the 750 turn every time you want to start a new turn it saves and because if this it makes it unplayable for me. The intention of this game was great. However, there are so many errors in this game and the game engineer doesn't even cares! Most important thing about this game is a series of updates, and constant bug fixes. The developer who sees this review should also work for mobile phone users, not only pc users. (★★★☆☆) edit: YES!!! FINALLY YOU HAVE UPDATED THIS!! I LOVE THIS GAME!!! I HOPE YOU WOULD KEEP IT UP TO DATE!!!(★★★★★) Really good ass games I play RTS and various kinds of military and grand strategy games all the time but you have to be a straight up computer nerd to have fun with this. I play this game for 2 and a half hours but I like the old name better than this because this is a civilizations game not a history game really only like the turn part is history Since when did Koguryo became part of China? I can understand that developer is not perfect. Please make correction. Divide Koguryo from Wi. Instead, please add Baekje, Shilla. Korea was never part of China ever. Welp, at least you gave us an update!! "NO changes in update tho"xD! Will there be another update with new scenario's? If yes, really looking forward to seeing it!!! Edit: Thanks for fixing the bug.Best game ever,no downsides.👌🏿 Practically unplayable due to the interface. Can barely read important things such as number of troops or city names. I love the concept, but the execution needs work This Is An Amazing game,I would Just Recommend That In the Next Update you Add The New Mississippi flag,Because the old one Bothers me For Some Reason Its a very good game. I recommend you buy/install. But there is one problem. When i get on one of my save games it will glitch and have many next turn buttons all over this screen. Plz fix. Plz. Ngl, I think this is a great game, only problem there is with it is that I can't add my own leader portraits to the game for the custom leader area, same would go with the custom flags but that only really goes with the more sophisticated flags that can't be made with the custom civilisation thing, so yeah, if that gets added (or at least fixed so you don't have to jailbreak to edit apk files and add your leader portraits), that'll be really epic, good game regardless It's super fun but there isn't a scenario or story or campaign which makes this game LESS fun EDIT: about ai pulling a massive amounts of troops like it was big problem, I highly suggest you watch war master on youtube, you will see how he or she counters the problem and destroy great powers with ease. And for bugs, you can sue the developer for not fixing the problem and get a refund. Edit 2: found the update to be the same as last one, atleast give us a campaign lukas, thx man. This is a very fun and addicting game. I have probably gotten upwards of 50 hours of playtime. Unfortunately there are some bugs that have cropped up. Recently I have seen you have updated this game after a year of the original posting of this comment. However the update info is the same as it was for the last update to this game. Will there be more patches or content soon? r/suddennamechange kinda sus 🤔 It keeps cutting out when I try to open it can you please fix that bug If you want to reenact a specific war or want to conquer the world on your device, this is definitely for you, I played it and it gave me a lot of different scenarios to play with, plus you can make new scenarios and play it afterwards. This game is definitely worth the price of 4.99 and I hope this will help people think about getting this game and enjoy it. It works for me. I think you should do a more advanced research and industry tabs It really is a great game but I would like more scenerios and a way to play with ur friends without being on the same device With the most recent update that change it from AoC2 to AoH2, it has the old bugs I used to encounter before the last update that only shortened the original name. I only played a save for 166 turns, much shorter than my last few saves at 300+ turns, and when I loaded it up, it put me back on the menu, and upon a second attempt it fractured the screen into about 10 smaller screens, all glitched and bugged out in an unplayable state only after opening up 'Diplomacy' Okay this happened 15th time in row now. I save the game and come back after couple hours when I load the game I can't press "next turn", I press and nothing happens. Can't produce units or move them or build anything. Nothing works. It happened quite literally 15h time now. Game become unplayable as I need to be constantly playing in order to not lose my progress Good Absolutely addictive grand strategy game, but with a few bugs. I'll just come out and say it, I enjoy this game a lot. Played many, many hours on it. Would keep playing it if not for the bugs that can frequently make the game unplayable or force me to reset my progress. Recently I've been running into a problem where I'm unable to make peace with two nations due to the fact that I have rebels on my side (that also no longer exist.) The peace conferences are broken as it is anyway but still... It's a very fun mobile alternative to games like Europa Universalis, the only flaw is the lack of mod/custom scenario support on mobile Very good game! I've been playing this for over a year and i enjoy it! It's a good price for a great game. Would recommend I had previously rated this game 2 stars for some problems that occured bc my phone couldn't handle it but after recent updates, the game seems to be more playable and less buggy. The gameplay is overall great and I've had a great time playing it. The community, especially on Reddit, is active and very friendly. Great game! Sure it just got an update, but there's no new content being added anymore. You dint add those game modes but I like the name It's a step down from hearts of iron 4 and civilization but I would like to see new scenarios like WWI and the Cold War When I saw the new name I knew there was going to be changes I'm so glad you didn't abandon this! It needs an actualization When you update the game can you add elections epic It would be 5 but when I try to load one of my saved games it takes me to a different saved game instead of the one I wanted to load can you fix that please The game is pretty enjoyable. My only frustrations with it is that you can't delete custom creations, view custom leaders and how viewing development leves of countries with several regions in custom scenerio creation is effectivley imposible. This game is cool but can you add a WW1 scenario plz WE NEED MORE SCENARIOS Finally an update wich I am thankful for, but why is there a name change? November/2018:This game is amazing because the boarders,flags are clear diplomacy and the history accuracy. Great Game! Edit:11/3/2020,Looking back on this game 2 years ago I've always been able to have some sorts of fun creating my own senerios and my own additions to the game with Country Creation but yet there is so MUCH!!! more to build on keep it up! I played philippines in 1400s twice; seperate game. When I reached the year around 1900s the game stop saving. Best grand strategy game ever! Also don't forget to update this game with more features and scenarios don't let this game die becoz i really love it! Keep up your best work!❤️️👍 Thanks For The Newest Update I Know I Do Not Review It So Just Keep Making More Scenario Or Other Games Hi I love the game so much please update the game and add World war 1 Good game, but it needs campaigns where you need to capture specific places.... Short campaigns and long campaigns I am playing hotseat with 8 playe and game isn't saving. Example player 3 does his turn and saves the game and onto player 4. When I go back it back to player 1 I love the game, it gives you so much to do with the different scenarios, me personally, i try and complete all the different formables in the game and there are many, though I wish that there was a way to check what formables there are and what country you need to play as. Other than that it's a fantastic game and I'm glad you are still updating it. I was going to write a review with things that are currently broken in the game, but I saw it was fixed, thanks for this. New update is epic Updateeee Very nice game. But suddenly started glitching after a few days of playing it. It show black screen and it froze. Please fix its a nice game for android i've played this for 2 years now I would love to give 5 stars, but I think that it's definitely lacking in complexity. the war system is literally just risk (aka no tanks or artillery) but it's the best and most customizable game of it's kind so far. Age Of History II is really good. I really like spending my time on it for hours, However there is a little issue. Whenever I am done playing with a game, I join back only to see a glitch. Basically, When I load the game, It kind of shows me the menu screen. So I go back to the actual main menu, Load the game, And when I click either Diplomacy, Or just a Politcal Relation Tab, The entire screen turns green with weird colored stripes, Which makes the game unplayble permanetly. It really sucks. The Game has very great potential, keep it up! very awesome 👌 This game is insane I only did 4 stars because I would like it to have more scenarios that actually happened but with all of the countries. Basically irl. I see big potential for this game to maybe 1 day be number 1 for history games but it is still long way from that there are some bugs that aren't a problem but annoy me like I press next turn and the screen sort of saves or becomes darker or something me having to click the screen again to reset to the original colour and to be able to play A great game with potential.however they are still a few problems like you cannot edit the map on 5 . Could you please get us different units it would be wonderful like planes, battleships, calvary,archers, riflemen musketeers This game is fantastic, perfect way to kill time. I've had this game for like a few months now but I would give it a 5 star if you could maybe add more scenarios. Like WW1 or the Balkan War. Nether the less, great game. Nice Bad Game isn't working after the update. I love this game pls fix this.(thanks it works now) Sorry i must refund this game. Coz my hp not support Best war strategy game I've ever played it's like a moble version of hearts of iron 4 This is the best game ever Can u add World war 1 and Revolutionary War Senarios. Also a way to share senarios on mobile without APK's would be great as I like to try senarios, but APK's are too dangerous and people have a way to share what they created on mobile. I love the game, it's amazing, though before the auto update, the game suddenly got really glitchy. Whenever I loaded any save, doing anything in the game was glitchy. Whenever I open the tab showing details about a civilization, the screen except the tab got pitch black and the tab got all messed up. I reloaded the game but thatdidnt work. I eventually deleted all data in the game and then it worked, the game was fine, though I have to start all over. I lost all the custom civilizations. Addicting as a history nerd. Very good but needs to fix the glitch where land becomes water for no reason Finally they updated This game is good but I can't make city's Best game ever T H A N K S, Lucasz for the update! This is the only game that suits my kind of game! I always love to play games with politics, history and geography. I hope you will add more features in this game like religion, enhanced diplomacy and alike that has effect on the game. Looking for more games that the developer will create. Will there ever be anymore updates that add content? The last update to add any new content was almost two years ago. I really like the games, and this one has potential to keep growing. This game is now better thank you for fixing that black screen it is a much much better game now Can't get past "Choose Language" Opens, plays music, but can't select any of the languages. Asus Chromebook. The bug that wasn't allowing me to go into the game was fixed, and now I can enjoy my favorite game. It's better in multiplayer. Its really annoying late game when you conquer a giant country like russia and you have to assimilate all of the territories or itherwise you get annoying rebelions which just exist to annoy you pls fix also the developer started updating the game again thanks so much Ok... I have a mixed opinion with this. It is very big and geography is life here. I get the amount of time spent into that. But here's the problems: There's only one type of unit, the AI sucks, and civilisations should have something .. unique to them. Like your not just playing as some other country who doesn't matter. Oh, and tribes in North America look wack, but that's minor. Overall, it's an OK game and the cost of this game is OK for the geographic effort, good luck with AoC3? :) bug: diplomatic relationships keep at 0. please solve this issue. there are more scenarios in modded apk's than your official version...please bring an update fixes from all bugs + more scenarios Is this fixed with the current update? I want world war 1 scenarios please?😭 Good game but what did u change in the update Somethings I would want from future content: Please add in a WW1 scenario. Fix some historical inaccuracies. Add in the ability to force countries into alliances. Add in a better feature to change out nation's leaders. Make puppets and have them separate from vessels (don't rebel). The think that bothers me the most is the inaccuracies of growth rate provinces and terrain types, which for the growth rate, South jersey, sanfrancisco, Richmond (Ca) Chicago, New York, Philadelphia, Houston, those two provinces that are above the Caucasus region with both provinces I assume are meant to be both a steppes biome and not a very populated nor growing cities, oh boy, India, I think about 12 provinces are wrong, and few provinces in China have few inaccuracies, Madagascar as well. The glitch was patched up Great game, easily the best strategy game on mobile. I would love work on units, however. I'd love to see what my units have equipped, tech them up through the ages. It just feels weird that an army in ancient Greece seems to have same function as an army in 1800, or World War II. Otherwise, amazing game! Crashes often It's not that bad you can rage a lot but its good dont get tho dosent get updated at all they updated it but now I cant get into the game lol This is a very good game. Sometimes it makes me mad, but that's to be expected. UPDATE: YES, the developer updated the game!! I always had hope he didn't abandon such a great game! Hi Lukasz, thanks for the update, here are some ideas for newer updates •comanders and new types of units example ( water units - blue/land units-green/air units -white//units with commander will have more chance of defeating stronger units and will look like this 1000¹) • the commands money/diplomacy/development/army would work similar to the command technology •more buff to the rebels •provinces far from capital would rebel if treated bad •hospitals to counterattack disease •trading builds Lukasz forget what everyone else is saying. You made a great game. There's no game like this one on the Play Store. Keep it up, thanks for the updates! :) I've been playing since the first AoC, and was eagerly anticipating this one all through its development. Love the app, have no issues to report or speak of, highly worth your money, very addictive:) thanks for making such a great app sir Thanks for the fix! This game use to be great when the Developer was actually working on it, now its just a trash can on fire stuck in early dev. He finally fixed the game It is a great game and very addictive. The only bad thing is after about 2000 turns on any scenario, saving becomes glitched and does not save. It will try to save every turn but it fails to everytime, forcing me to start a new game because progression was no longer possible. It's sad because this game can truly be a masterpiece of a strategy game but gets ruined by this glitch which locks progression completely. I think its quite fun, can be a little confusing to players new to the genre though Worked ok for a week now not loading, cleared cache ect as recommended but still not loading 😢. It was the update that stopped it working Now that the Update fixed the bug, Honestly I'm surprised that this type of game is on mobile because you would only see this on PC. Its really fun and it takes time before you master the game so why not start now! I love this game, Wishing i could play with people though Good game what did you update? Is there any new gameplay features? I love the new logo by the way Whenever I enter it is just black screen with music. Will you fix it Great game, but can you make traders, religon, advances in tech trees, etc. brillina but please add the map editor so I can edit the shapes of continents and countries to make alien worlds and alternate scenarios! Overall the game is highly addictive. One of a kind strategy game that I have ever encountered, it will always standout of the rest for me. Also, I have never lose interest playing the game nor got bored of it. But these pesky bugs need some fixing as it's so frustrating and always ruins the gameplay. I hope, this will be properly attented to in the near future. Loved this game but since the update when I load into it the screen just goes black the music still plays tho I'm on s20 if that helps The game won't open. The screen is just black after update. awsome game would like to see more scenarios This game is great! I have one thing that I hope they address asap, I recently updated the game and every time I load it now it's just a black screen. Please can you fix this thank you Edit: Thank you! The game can now open. It's rare for devs to report from bugs thie quick but thank you. I've raised from 2 star to 4 star, I feel this game has alot of potential and would love to know if you have future plans for this game! The game is the greatest strategy game on mobile. On PC I don't play it because Hoi4 is better. I would like to be a new difficulty to make it harder coz It is too easy Great app game but the new update crashed my game needs another update to fix..... Problem got fixed Pretty good I really enjoy it, an excellent sequel Great strategy game Kinda meh tbh. Great gameplay and the developer is really helpful (an new update dropped and it wouldn't load but he got if fixed overnight). Worth the small price I really like this game but the new update kinda broke it :/ whenever I try to play it theres just a black screen Thank you for fixing the update Thanks, its fixed now. one of the best strategy games I have ever played. I like that it has advanced Diplomacy I saw that there was an update for the game today so I installed however I can hear the music playing but my screen is all blacked out?? Incredible response time from the developer, I look forward to playing the game. Update: after downloading I can load the game however, I still can't add cities or be able to change city names. I can't save changes to the terrain in game editor. I'm unable to create new leaders. I'm unable to change the name of game civilization (Swaziland is now Eswatini). 4 start for the prompt update.... Finally working, finally developers answers comments and review. Seems a new staff has been hired, great job! Now, AI even on the maximum are really easy to defeat, plus is not really clear how to increase income, should be by investing? Developing?? What Brilliant game and thank you for working on it as soon as you could Fun Since the latest update I only get a black screen and the background music. Hopefully this can be fixed. Now everything is fine Please make new scenarios Amazing just amazing and the new update worked great! Few glitches etc but what game doesn't have bits to improve! Thank you so much! Issue has been fixed. I would give 5 stars easily but I cant save my scenario!!! I have already made 3 scenarios with no problems but for some reason it doesn't work!! Please fix this and you'll get 5 stars please! Edit:thanks for fixing! Very Good, however many bugs. Works fine now, why not think of the possibility of adding nuclear weapons, or the thought of it. It could add edges to wars or leverages and add a Involve Nuclear conflict in peace treaties if the AI do not accept treaties like they do sometimes. Повторно обновил. Все в порядке. Спасибо разрабам за быстрое исправление:) Ставлю снова 5★ Much better on pc, but still great. CAR is Very good game but i could give this a 5 star The recent update killed my game it can't open its just the music and a black screen can you fix this? The bugs are too much, when you already have a large Civ the game breaks and stops responding. When I start the game again you cannot open diplomatic and press next turn, so frustrating all my time wasted bcoz of bugs The bug was fixed,and its a good game,so heresa 5 star Didn't start up. Only had music playing on a blank screen. I cant open after the 30 Oct 2020 update I hope something can be fix This game isn't perfect but you should play this instead of p2w "free games" that you will spend more money on then this Cool I love it BTW this is coming from a 9 year old child on their mom phone Why is it not loading? Finally, an update after 2 years! Update ruined it been stuck in a black screen for about 30 min before quiting Very well-researched historically and a brain teaser. But after the most recent update, the graphics stopped loading on my Android each time I opened the application. Very disappointed by the bug. I try get in my game but it puts up a black screen Love this game but with new update game dosent open just black sreens any help for this ??? I have a total of 322 hours on the game and I love it. such a good game, good mechanics, also amazing graphics. Now with the update,the game itself doesn't working,like it's all black and it's just music in the background. Please Lukas,fix this. Fix the loading screen problem. That's why I'm going to drop the 4-stars to 2-stars This game is great. I also bought it on Steam. But I think if there any way to add new maps or updates it would be great. However it is my favorite one! Brilliant game but the latest update has broken it (just a black screen with music), following update hasn't fixed this Game doesn't load after update. Thanks. Why does it say Victorian Era, Ancient Greece, and Nepoleonic Wars are New Scenarios? This is awesome please make more scenario add a ww1 scenario please New update broke the game New Update Black Screen 👎 Okay , I've been playing it for quite awhile now and it just updated now . I was happy since this game got an update like i. Forever , but evertime i open the app ot goes to black screen the Game won't even load. It just plays the music. Please fix this problem for i would love to support your games in the present and in the future as well. It just doesn't work. A black screen as soon as I open it, with just the music in the background What happen when I download I cannot open it??? My screen turn black after the update. Help me pls! I just bought it and when i open it my screen goes blank but there are music playing Its an amazing grand statagy for mobile. i have been looking for a good grand strat. game on mobile. Its worth the money. Love it it helps kill time before work and a little bit after work, also something good to play when in the shower I put my phone in a ziplock baggy then boom play away but I do have one issue, I take to long in the shower when I play this game in the shower haha but fantastic game very fun to play. I love this game but how can i give it a better rating when i cant save the game anymore. Game breaking bug that needs fixing soon. A game worth 5 dollars I liked the game however there is an annoying bug. I think the game gets into a loop my screen was filled with same things and it was flashing. Good Excellent game Great! Yaaaa but i want ONLINE Stopped working I love the game. Have it on my computer as well. The only problem I have is that it closes an apps running in the background. This includes music and YouTube. The game itself is very good. However I would like to see some things improved. First of all Air and Naval unjts would he a good addition. Love it Would love more updates very nice. If you play as Sweden i reccomend you to listen to Sabaton while playing this :D nice but got maby bug my economic awalys become 99 bug,and please make tab for auto build building,so hard to build if u have more than 100 privilege Last update 2018 hmmm It doesn't save 10/10 game..... Just when it works. It is a good game, just need optimizing. Doesn't work well on Samsung A1. this game has potential but he hasn't updated his games in a year or two. Wow. The game is good, but there is no updates anymore. Even bugs is not fixed. After a lot of turns, the games sometimes became no playable anymore due a bug. Great game for some types of people I am addicted to this game The first games were great, but this one is not a good mobile game. The controls and buttons are too small. If you're playing on a phone, don't buy it. It aint bad, but its not hoi4 either It was pretty fun until it wouldn't let me go to the next turn, and wouldn't let me see diplomacy. Lots of glitches and honestly pretty bad when the glitches kick in. Мне кажется вам надо добавить 1мировую войну. войну за независимость США . Countries accept to declare war by trade. This should work like coalition. If it is not to accept coalition it should never accept to declare war. Also there should be "make an empire" option. I want to manage spends of my soils; such creating sub regions, and name the region even. And assimilation of every nation shouldn't be same. Like Vietnam would need same money to assimilate Bulgaria as Cambodia When I start war I cant build or move troops :( Not really worth 5 euros while this glitch is in the game Purfect master piece Would like more features to do Inconsistancy you let the ai go first once when its in their favor and then when its not they still go Very good Brilliant Game for the Money 5* Game has potential, but is just far too buggy. Most of the UI simply dose not function or work correctly. Its at an unplayable state and it dose not seem to be getting better. It's a great game but I can't give this 5 stars since it was abandoned after 3 months as far as I know. Seems cool but the tutorial is so messed up and it is so hard to learn, I'd say it's much better of on pc Its better on computer but still good on phone It a great game Great replayability It would be a 5 star if you could go in spectator mode and force them to do stuff I bought and played this on PC with good results, but it doesn't feel great on mobile. The whole game just seems to be structured weird, like it was made for mobile but the settings complicate it until you try it on PC. The UI just doesn't work well, and finding a scale that works reliably is difficult. Also, settings that are normally controlled by dragging your finger back and forth are too easy to mess with on accident. It does load a lot faster on mobile though, ill give it that. Great Nice I liked it m Absolutely essential if you like this type of game, completely worth the money. Good potential, terrible AI, terrible UI It's a very fun game. Wish it had a bit more animation to war, but overall great. Only reason I am giving this 3 stars is that it won't let me save anymore no matter what. Can't finish the game this way, so very annoying. I love this game I have 1700 hours on steam but on mobile why are there no default formable nations? it's a great game. alot to learn if you dont do the territorial. been playing this game a long time now. but for some reason I cant access my loads. plz fix that soon Instand overheating of phone without playing for long. Dont want to know what happens if i play longer It a good game, I rate it 5 stars because how many countries you can be,This game deserve more recognition. Best most understandable civ game It great make age of civilizations lll please Could you add a Cloud save mechanic? It's a great game otherwise. nicee Good! Awesome game ever! But i wish that there is a action to be a vassal of a country.. Now that my game is not loading when data is 99% percent. Now that it has been weeks since i can't play AOC2 because I'm stuck in Loading data 99% you really need to fix this! It's been a month fix this already. Chcę czterech aktualizacji Age of Civilizations 2. 1. Nie ma możliwości pominięcia muzyki intro, więc za każdym razem muszę czekać 2 minuty na załadowanie gry. 2. Etiopia to Abisynia, kiedy idziesz do mapy i grasz w grę. Pokazuje, że flaga jest czarna, ale jeśli pójdziesz do dyplomacji, zobaczysz flagę abisyńską. 3. Gra ciągle się zawiesza, a inflacja jest zbyt wysoka. 4. Jeśli chcesz stworzyć scenariusz, utwórz pasek, na którym możesz przewijać lata. Emirati Mapping Best Stragety Game Ever Made !!! I wish there was more to the development of provinces and more interactiveness This is like the best strategy game ever Great fun for strategic minds So fun but make more scenarios Good game just that it crashes all the time and it sometimes kick me out of the game. Fix it now please. Great game but do you have a refund system It is a good thing 😌 ☺ 😊 🙂 👌 It's been 2 years and still no update but im still waiting. 4 starts only because of the luck of update and bugs Fun, challenging, and Interesting to mess around with. It could really use an update though. Also, i wish it would let me download it on my laptop. Amazing You put love and passion into this game, this game is the best game i have so far for the past 3 years, infact i learned alot of geography and countries more in this game than my schools. I hope this game goes far its a hidden gem I love this game, Its fun, Possibly Educational And The graphics are nice, But I think There should be new units added and change Tech to different units you can make. Otherwise, Great game! It has communism so i loved it. Great game could use more Maps to play on Nice It's really good but just one problem is that of your not on the kepler 22B map and your on the main world map it will be stuck at 50% It is terrible best for mobile The game doesn't work when playing a save file past 3000+ turns, maybe the game will work longer for you. Either way the game is usually about over by turn 3k anyway. The game is still worth your time, if you want to learn a differnt detailed way to run and rule a country, expand it, or many countries for that matter Where new updates ? Why it's so lagging even on good specs ? Not recommend to buy, useless waste of money. So many bugs :( dev abandoned game HERE FOR YEARS. WOOO KEEP IT UP. Still here woooo It is incredible how detailed this game is! Game doesnt load, waste of my time. Only giving 1 star because I cant give it a 0 stars I cant download it-_- best game Great game. I love the historical features and civilizations. Just wish there was a WWI scenario. Amazing game tough to learn but once you got it is really fun. But this game deleted all of my saves so I won't give it a 5 stars because of this which is very annoying. Could add more Scenarios I really enjoyed the game The mechanics were pretty easy after a while I will say this you have to check the phone that you're playing on I have noticed that when I downloaded this onto my note 20 it ran perfectly but on other phones it did not perform very well it's sad but true there needs to be a list of phones from what I gather any new phone that's from 2017 or higher is okay anything lower than 2014 it will have performance issues and the same goes for tablets. I recommend not getting this game because the fact that he does not update the mobile version of the game And this will lead to bugs Another reason is because the scenarios they arent enough scenarios to keep playing unless you want to create your own which will take hours I waited a year for this game and i thought it would be worth while but there havent been a single update in 2 years do not waste your money on this game look for a different game that looks like it would be good Needs more updates, But I'll say it is good. Master it before review It's a fun game with not much depth. I think the largest army wins is a bit wierd. I think there should be a tech tree and special events. It's aslo quite buggy. The game keeps crashing between turns 70 to 80. Even when i saved the game at every 20 turns, when it crashes and when i loaded the saved game it wasn't the latest one that i saved. New update please Game crushing on re-enter, pls fix it I'm not one to play tutorials but you really gotta play a tutorial in this game or you are going to go through a rough learning curb. Theres alot of moving parts in this game but once you got everything figured out, its BEAUTIFUL. This game will keep you busy forever and I'm so glad I bought this game!!! By far my favorite game!! Fantastic game. Great piece of working. Being a developer I can understand how much effort it needed to develop this game. Greate game I love it The best strategic game which you can play on mobile It was confusing at first but after I learned this game is definitely interesting!! And love it. Really good game but let down by the creating not updating or adding more scenarios so the game just ends up repetetive I LOVE THIS GAME WITHOUT IT I CANT LIVE Muitos bugs e erros Trade sistem needs to be under re haul, and I mean, even if you offer the moon from the sky the ai will refuse to trade from them a region in exchange. Does not depends of relations Got it and played for a month but now I can't even load into the game as it says 99%. Awful app don't install. Messy It stops at 99% & then it shows out of RAM, on my samsung tablet Rated the same as the Light version. For the same reasons Great game. I like it. If you add a multiplayer it would do great. I enjoy it seriously and have racked up a lot of hours on this. This game is great but it's sad that the game developer is not working on it anymore. Age of Civilizations 3? 🙃🙃🙃 For it's price its pretty good I do feel as if the game has been neglected after it's release it could've been so much more than it currently is Itsa fun gane and has a lot of good features,but the rebel system is broken.Rebels pop up even when my provinces are happy and stable but they still pop up.They ruin the fun and i would like to see a fix. need online and ww1 Only if there were still updates for a new a scenario like ancient Rome when Carthage is around and like Athens and stuff Love it just make it stop interrupting music I like this game. I've been very engaged and eager to play this! Very detailed and well thought out! A great game it does simulate a lot of the political world, though I feel that we should be able to have the option to start a civil war or be able to start as rebels versus being the main still need more updates In order to fix the "nex turn" bug you must always press new game. Press "Next Turn" and it will load. Press "Load Game". Then Press "Next Turn" or "Diplomacy". Game is fun but had the 99% lowding bug because of a 1440 game that was over 2,000 turns. If this did not help you do not know how to help. Either try to re-install or just clear data. Poorly designed, waste of £5. Like I said before new units and fix 5he game it crashes to easily for my pleasure Fun but glitchy Awesome game, easy to play and get a hang of but...it crashes. And it crashes alot. Despite saving when I reload after a crash I am taken back before my save and after happening as many times as it has I want to throw my phone into traffic. Meow Easily the best mobile game I have ever played It's a very good game and very good stratigics but should I add more difficulties, religion, natural disasters, natural resources and some type of discoveries in science field.(disease should be more strong) Every one was waiting for this type of game and I request to this gaming company to work on this game and please release the update as soon as possible!!! Awesome game Please fix some bugs, sometimes game don't save. -5 Stars! I demand my money back! First time I tried to play, it froze my fkn fone. The 2nd time, I cant choose what country I am. How do I get a refund?! Great game Good game, but wish the nation creation was better, more formable nations, and more nations in general. Besides that, I like it. Sometimes when reached 600+ turns, the game will crash like cannot open the diplomacy section. It's really annoying, I always need to erase that progress to normal the game EDIT: WE NEED ANOTHER NEW ERA, HOW ON EARTH YOU STILL DON'T HAVE WWI ERA YET! Pretty good game foe mobile Its really worth the money. Ive been playing this game daily. I like it but the only glitch is September and August is swapped I have formed about every possible nation, yet im still playing. Amazing game and thank you so much for making it! good Its cool! And it needs some improvement my phone is slow, there is no graphics low thing and makes me difficult to exit the game. It's an okay strategy? game. Easiest way to play is to save up a lot of money and wait for two large empires to go to war and attack the losing side for territory and make an alliance with the biggest countries around you. Being tens of thousands or even a hundred thousand in debt is okay so spend that money every chance you get. Absolutley love this game, although the dipomacy and alliances could be a bit more advanced. Sometimes it crashes but I think thats more to do with my phone. Well worth the cost, but pay attention in the tutorial because it is quite complicated to play. Firstly, this is well worth the money. Great game overall, most likely the best Strategy game on mobile. Controls are a bit odd with the scaling at first but the range of customisation helps a lot. Game plays great 9/10 with some hiccups but its now a personal favourite. Could do with some unit types to vary gameplay a bit more, but the inclusion of some nice economy and diplomacy will surely bring hundreds of hours of game tim potential. Great game Love this game; need more scenarios that's all. Although the actual warfare is definitely not the best, the economy and colonizing stuff is very fun, I really do wish there was like a 600 dark ages start date, and definitely find a way to fix the 99% bug Update it cant create the germano-hungarian empire worst game of all time do not play Can't even get past the loading screen it keeps crashing. Good game The game feels like an unstable mess. I'll be playing for like an hour or so and when I decide to save the game, it just keeps saving infinitely. Also sometimes when I click on a save file, it brings me to a completely different one. That doesn't bring an end to the save glitches though, the game (for some reason) likes to just delete save files when I save another one. It's like it only wants me to have one file saved maximum. Good, its like eu4, just more simple, if your looking for a game that is like eu4,hoi4, ck2, and so on, this is for you. I play it when I can't play any of those. Good game. I'm having fun but apparently you dont update this game. Bummer Too laggy It's a great game, controls are nice, WAY smaller provinces, more nations and its super cheap. I recommend it Terrible tutorial. Can't even begin the game! Most writing and icons are so small that I'm struggling to see what to do Everything about this game is perfect for a customizable and portable full on historical Strategy game. I was even blown away by the lite version, everything about this game on android is perfect, although the only flaw is the lack of updates and developer support. When the game is updated I will review my rating and make it a 5 star. Like it A good game but needs updates and bug fixes. I love this app. It's easy to make your own scenario and is strategically intreging. I'm giving it 4 stars for 2 reasons. 1) there hasn't been an update in over two years and 2) I wish there could be an online multiplayer for this. U give europe for free to pc players but make us pay for it, im never buyinf ur games agaim Brilliant, great world simulation. Easy to start but hard to master If you love Strategy World Games this is for you !!! Add ww1 pls Excellent Game!, Also, you should add more scenarios like the: The Seven Years War and the 30 Years War and etc. Keep it up! 👍 it is very fun but the only mechanic of war is numbers. id love to see some new mechanics like infantry, artillery, mechanized infantry, tanks, battle ships, etc. or even planes. it would be so much more fun if you added these mechanics. I give 5 Stars but I would like if you could add a scenario where it's cyber and future or a zombie virus scenario. Quite solid strategy game i must say, even though there's bugs that happens, i somehow able to fix it by experimenting with how the systems works. I just loved a game that have it's potential and variation. I do understand that projecting this game is not easy as peas, it will be needing time for a new updates to happen and how the computer adapt with new complex systems. So, in conclusion. This game had been my favorite from time to time, Thank you and keep up the good works. It really needs an update This game reminds me of hearts of iron 4 and hearts of iron 4 as one of my favorite I love games likeit's game that takes a long time to build up your country and you have to work hard so I gave it a five-star 😁 Wow i hate this whenever i try to load the modern mapit always goes tthe small size and you can't change it and at the first war you declare if you loose even though you get some territory back at the endyou will be attacked by someone else who will kill you which means if you loose the first war then you loose the game thats bad i honestly might get a reefund Love this game! But you should add some more stuff like better diplomacy and different ideologys like constitutional monarchy or nationalism. Also some more scenarios like ww1, 1815, etc. so that the game doesn't get repetative. I love this game but can you please update the game and add world War 1 that will be a fun scenario This game can be extremely fun at times. However, sometimes when you have troops inside your puppets or allies, the next turn they will now be the puppets/allies troops. Also, (especially with the game editor) the game can crash. Otherwise than that this game can be quite good. Also map modes like province stability will occasionally not work. Civil wars are terrible with them only happening with low happiness and occasionally low stability. They can also have the nation split and h.border gore. Amazing yet simple ges yet complex yet cheap but still better than others. Fun The game is really limited, when u get one continent for example Europe you can defeat anyone, it loses the point. Its good just wish it had a option to not have constant rebels cool game you can change the world and politics. the reason its 4 star because the letters is too little and the AI is declering war for no reason. Great game, the mobile hoi4! Keeps crashing I love you Monica Lewinsky LOVE GREAT GOOD I love this game, but it a 4 star since there is a bug, every time i try to play the game it goes back to the choosing screen and when i press continue i get to play the fame but the diplomacy button dont work. I wish population and economy sizes in Modern Day scenario were more equivalent to how it is in real life. Such as USA having largest economy and China or India having largest population I love this game so much, I am so addicted, I cannot wait for the next update the scenarios I'd wish for are WW1, French and American Revolutions and The Vietnam War Game sometimes crash resulting I had to delete the game and reinstall it Very good and definitely worth the wait. Only thing to improve would be the button layouts in portrait mode. Other than that, this is an excellent game! Edit: This has not been updated at all, and all bugs are still present. The creator abandoned this app, avoid buying. Great game Hard to learn but once you do you're good Thank you very much you've done it beautifully 🙏🏻 It's alright you can have fun with it,but it's geting doring after a time because doesn't meter with wich country are you playing with it it's everything it's same Amazing Really good game worth getting, but I don't think there is enough scenarios like we have ww2 but not ww1 why? This game is garbage they constantly send small armies at you with your bigger armies cost to getting defeated worst history game I've ever played #&$* LOVE THIS GAME The game was really fun at first, but it gets boring because of the very limited features in diplomacy, no progression in tech. Also there are some bugs that ruin the gameplay, for example sometimes your provinces for some unknown reason goes to 99 in economic power, and you cant raise this number to make it recover. To improve the game perhaps add more features like a tech tree, better diplomacy, make it so raising your provinces economy is not so simple. It good Few bugs that need to be fixed Probably the best mobile game I've played but please fix the 99% bug cos the only solution is to clear the storage and that results in me losing all of the scenarios I made. Keep up the good work. Since my last review I've put several 400+ turn games in and everything plays alot better. There is the occasional bug like one of your army's being on the map and not able to be interacted with. The only things that I dislike right now are 1. It's really hard to find the last province(s) your opponent owns during a war especially if they have random colonies 2. Some minor bugs like the army's in limbo. Other than that keep up the good work. We never get an update Good but crashes alot In my opinion the best mobile game. Shame it hasn't been updated in two years. Smart game, but the tutorial is very poor. You need to check youtube to understand how this works. Also, I wish the computer was smarter with its warfare tactics. Once you figured out the recipee, it's easy to win systematically This is a really good game with good strategy I really like the game its a great game shame the developer dosent update it anymore due to neagtive feed back 10 out of 10 in my opinion pretty good for a game in my opinion there's not many games on Android that are pretty good yes why there are a lot of games some of them are cash grabs you know more there's a lot of free games on Android pretty good games there's games that are I have to pay money for them and some of them are pretty good age of civilization 2 not that bad but for money it's still okay but definitely buy it with my money the price bad in my opinion okay this is going on for a long ti update, fix bug, plz It's such a great and fun Strategy game The game is great Fun but has problems, like armies disappearing, armies being unusable, enemies having invisible armies, and not enough scenarios, seriously, no ww1, or any Greek wars with Persia, Egypt, or Sumeria. 7 years war is missing, and the 100 years war, forget about it. Also making a scenario with 100 Civs will make an impossible game due to how slow it is. It's good, easy to pass the time and entertaning for a mind for stratagy. Would love to see this game continue, but unfortunately ive heard that the developer has stopped develaping, would of loved to see the Holy Roman Empire mechanic grow into something huge. its good at where it is and can keep you entertaned for some time, does have a few glitches but most are fixed and those that arnt u could just restart the app. Would of loved to seen where it went. Well worth the cost. Fanastic It's a good game, but there are lots of game breaking issues. One two seperate games I was unable to continue because of a glitch where you can't click the next turn button. It kind of turns me off from playing the game because my progress and hard work might be completely gone. I know there's no way this will get fixed, the game hasn't been updated in 2 years for God's sake. But this just doesn't seem like it should be an issue in a game that costs money. It's worth it, I would recommend everyone to install, it is a simple, but fun strategy game. Good for beginers amd experts in strategy games. Love it A good game but it has horrible AI borders and unrealistic wars and events Not the best it's ok Very epic Please add more in depth mechanics like trading, resources, units and unit evolution throughout the centuries. Also edic and ethnics to boost the population. 4 stars there are a lot of bugs here a few examples, one is custom scenarios take a bit to load after each turn, second is there isn't a world war 1 scenario third is in age of civilizations mode putting the dog on discovery make it unplayable, 5 stars if bugs fix The game is frustrating. Is hard to use the map. Half of the time the controls trow you randomly on the map. didn't enjoying it its a good game but i cant manage to access the editor or some scenarios whithout the entire game going to heck flashing on and off, not letting me start and sending me to the start screen etc plz get this fixed Great game, fun to play on long road trips or just if you have lots of free time, well worth the $3 Love the game, unable to access any scenarios beyond modern world. Reached out to the developer over a week ago for assistance and followed up, still no response. Uninstalled and reinstalled a couple times, cleared cache etc. Update- 3 weeks have passed and I still haven't heard anything despite forwarding him my original email a few times. Great war strategy game on mobile too! Wish there was some sort of customizable focus tree of some sort, also wish there was divisions not just numbers on a province other than that a great game! Good Game. Great game, but many bugs like unable to save, random disappearing army, etc. Good game in concept, but is laggy and has alot of bugs there are a few game breaking bugs like sudden relationship reset or getting kicked from your own alliance even with 100 relationship but i really enjoy the game It's good I wish it had more complicated stuff as far as warfare and money / trade it could use more updates considering the steam version is much more advanced Great game I just wish that you could do more with the society of your civilization, more forms of government, edit your flag after you already created it and have auto generated names for your leader because if you have Donald Trump as the usa leader in the year 2050 is unrealistic. It's great, although the AI is kinda dumb sometimes. Really wish there was another way to win instead of domination everytime. Although, I guess this is what the game is about, though. 😀🇩🇪 Great game overall but ive put hours into it and it dont save any of my progress Also after i uninstalled the game , It says i need to pay for it again BAD Soooooooo good Looking for something to eat up my time on transit, this does quite well. Huge fan of most Paradox games and the style of games they produce. This is the FIX for my addiction. Tutorial is terrible, and could not find instructions The game is amazing and a great time killer but every time i try to load a save it bugs out and it all go blank No, it not good at all Africas better Good when will you update the game!! I like this game but sometimes it crashes. On a newer phone it works better and the game is faster. Otherwise I give a five star rating. I recommend this game if you are someone that likes warfare. great but please update again Love the game I've been hyped up for the game since I saw it on steam I only wish there was online multiplayer Its overly complex compared to the original but I love this game and you will too once you learn the basics! The reason I'm giving this a 4 star is because I wish there was a option non historic or historic AI anyways best mobile strategy game ever For the damn reason pls fix the bug Age of Civilization would need smarter AI, like HOI4. Also the gameplay kinda needs to be as the HOI4 but differently. I wish y'all can reach into that level where this game can be popular. AMAZING Great game. Some reoccuring minor bugs but nothing that makes me want to slam my computer. Lots of fun and I love how you have as many real life world leaders as you can. Don't expect too much. It's a great game for being on mobile, it's a bit of a learning curve but other than that you'll have a great time. It needs ww1 and cold war I recommend this game for both short and long play sessions. Almost every mechanic is ironed out. This an amazing game it's really stress reliving and you can get your favourite country to be massive This a great game and I've been playing it for quite a while now but I'd really love it if the developers could add a new senario during the rise of the roman republic and the punic wars Draining a lot of power but It's a great game in every other aspect I bloody regret purchasing this game. Almost 2 years and no update Well. UPDATE THE GAME MORE! But its good. I just cant stand that the game hasnt been updated since what, december 2018? - Also, why dont you get AOC2 Europe, Asia, NA, SA, Africa for free? The paid for versions? Fun Game Overall But The Bugs Just Need Ruin It Sometimes For Example Save Doesnt Work Im tired Of Beating The Same Nation All Over Again Not as good as Hoi4 or EU4, but the best you can get on mobile. Good 10/10 I highly recommend and i love this game. it will be cool if add more scenario. :))) I love the game but can the loading screen be any longer i feel like it takes days to load Good game in general; however editor mode needs a lot of work. Do we get a free copy for pc?? It's an amazing game and its simple game but it whoud be better if it was less simple,besides that it's an awesome i recommend it to anyone who likes creating there own scenarios, unions,and more civs It doesnt work now that you changed it to be portrait it keepsndoing the 99% loading glitch i have to try at least 5 times before it works and by then i feel like i wanna play something else please fix it or change it back other than that its a good game Need more scenarios and more flags for the selectable governments. Also we need the bugs to be found and fixed ASAP. Thanks for putting your time and effort in creating the game. super slow Beautiful game We need more scenarios! Its cheap and fun y'all Good game lazy creator. Why would anyone pay for the Europe version, etc when they could just pay this one. Oh it was just done for money I guess. No events in scenarios, and what is worse is that TRANSCAUCASIAN REPUBLIC IS MISSING. This is an outrage. Good game though. I wish the was more Minor stuff you could do; like staging a coup, influencing countries, nukes?, Claim lands, and more ai functionality. But besides that, this game is a major step up from AOC1 . Can't wait for AOC3 The game has a glitch where you cant use next turn or build buildings and I want it fixed or I am demanding a refund fix it and it will be 5 stars again Nice game but some Bugs, The money is worth Because you can do so much with your contury and Form Unions. It is Worth the money. But the first tme it might glich out so Uninstall and Reinstall. It was really fun but I wish it had a World War 1 but otherwise it's amazing Good but I wish it got updated more Nice game really love it, i appreciate your game so yeah im buy it good I wish I had the time to lay a geek egg for this game. Its honestly fun, you can spend hours in this game for years. But there are alot of bugs. A few of which are game breaking. Theres a bug to where if you have a decently big army, itll just dissapear randomly. Its not that common but its reslly frustrating when youre in a war and then poof. The ai breaks through the gap that created. Theres another one where in peace treaties if you arent allies with a country in a war, the peace treaty freaks out. Never paying for this guys games again. Recently, whenever I open the game, the loading bar gets stuck at 49% and I have been upset by this and also I ask if you can add a map creator as I want to make my own planets continents and regions Sometimes Glitches But is Still Godlike! This game is awesome. But theres this one thing i want you to fix. You cant delete/edit a scenario without it creating a another one. Kiol Magandang Pamatay oras. Would be brilliant but for the bugs. It crashes often, manual saves don't always work, and if your going deep in to a game and build up a decent size empire, say half of Europe, its so slow moving from turn to turn, makes it unplayable. If they fix those issues it'd be a five star game Good time killer i spend many hours on it O jogo é muito viciante porém precisa de atualizações e novidades; parece que foi abandonado pelos desenvolvedores! Very nice. That's all. There is a very serious bug need to fix because it is really hurt the game experience. When you play a save with long time, the relationship will resit to 0 suddenly. I hope admin can fix it. Without that, this is a very nice mobile game. I would've given it five stars, however, it keeps closing play music.. is there any solution to that? I cannot pass next turn, please fix that and i will calificate with 5 stars Great fun Good Game Bruh it's never updated My 10 year old boy loves this game. He said it's very very fun. And, he's played a lot of games.👍😊 Well The game is really addicting at first but after a while you'll realize that theres many bugs within this game, tho this game has many potential within it but you don't see to many updates happen. And plus the music is kinda stolen from world of conqueror 4 and 3. But still this game is really fun to play. Amazing however certain civilizations progressment is a bit Whack good Best strategy game available for mobile. Compared to strategy games on pc, it's not as great. Great game Good! Can we have aoc3? Like it I love this game, I've had quite a ton of fun playing this game. The only issue that I have are the bugs. All the bugs I've encountered weren't ever all that bad. But they definitely exist. Other than the minor bug it's really good, and complex game overall. Very good game if you want to become or watch mapping Great game but some features don't work like map editor or when creating a scenario vassal, truce, non aggression pacts, and several others don't work. also I know this game is for pc too but why have a custom cursor if it's on mobile. Also map editor dosent work correctly on pc when you play the 0 tiles mess everything up when you play the custom map also can we make new maps? Other than that though and a few other things it's an overall fantastic game! Also music disappeared sry can't specifie Love it Better A very well made game . Took me days to finish 1 round . Maybe add some ai to help manage a few province ? After conquering half the world it's tough to manage using phone . Map is super big . Add ww1 Best Won't even function. Every time I try to load a map, it says "crashed in loading", when I'm on a Note 9 which can handle other games perfectly fine. Waste of money. You couldn't save in the game choose a random chance you'll be able to get to save and not save did not get boring boring every time you can't save and you have the same point especially when you're really far into the game and you save and your way back to the start of the game As a fan of strategy games and Europa Universalis IV, I like this game a lot!!!! You find most of the things and scenarios you would find in EUIV but NOW on your smartphone or tablet! Would recommend tablet for this game though.... Abandoned app. It was released december 4th 2018 and the last update was december 28th 2018. It's a solid game it just has a lot of bugs that the developer never bothered to fix. Pls new updates Its one of tha best Its a Masterpiece. If you could make it so i can leave the app and return without it restarting the game back to the nearest save that would be nice. maybe make it autosave more often idk It is really fun for the first month then I got bored but if you go to YouTube you can make more maps No updates Yeet So, uh, there's still a bunch of bugs and the game hasn't been updated in 2 years. What's going on? Is this what the developer wanted as the finished product? Just great Very thoughtout game. I've had it for more than 6 months and I'm still finding out something new about it. It's very intricate and the detail is great. I can't think of any objective cons to the game besides a few in game mechanics I don't particularly like or wish I could change. Amazing game overall. Would recommend Awesome game would be better if you could edit province borders Great Experience although lacking in updates Best game ever I've payed good money for this game only for it to get a bug and not allow me into it anymore in the next game if there is one war justification sould be put in I'm tired of little nation's thinking they can just declare war on me because on how the AI feels because of relations this always ruin my plans because I am never prepared and also diseases in this game make no sense cancer doesn't spread like a virus the plage should not be a major disease in the 21st century It would be a five stars but I spent along time making alliances in one of my maps I made, when I went to another map and came back to it all of the alliances were gone. I hope you can fix this because I was sitting there for an hour thinking of aliances but now they are all gone and I didnt have a list. Dummest game. Takes 100 turns to do anything It's great. I like what happens when you click on the flag haha :) but I spent a lot of time in the editor mode creating nations, editing relations and then specific events, but for some reason the events won't work. I even made sure to set the dates. Addictive game,hopefully they will add on more feature I would give it five stars but the logc is stupid. so I was spain and I sent trooops to help my ally england then when I took a provenice back for them and my 16000 troops became english troops and there was a time i was taking down rebels and I invaded thembut my huge army became theirs and I was conquerored by them. the game is not bad but update the logic. Class Absolutely amazing Great game and it's very replayable but I can't play it any longer due to bugs. This needs to be fixed. on chromebook theres a glitch where it only shows a small portion of the screen instead of fullscreen, please fix. The only reason I will rate so low is because whenever I set up armys it will automatically disappear from the factions within thebfirst few days making this game unfair to play. civilizations suddently only have 250 troops when i spawned them in with 2,500 and then some civs keep their 2500 and easily storm roll over anyone that got all their troops taken away. Do better smh It is amazing how ever in the ww2 scenario germany never win also can manchco start as japan vassel and china need to stop being op He said THE du Good game though it has a few bugs I have a problem the game don't want to save and my phone is Samsung s10 plus the game says the ram is full when I go to the files and then fo to ram use it's give me there is 4 and half gigabyte free A great improvement over the first one! However, it takes some time to fully understand the game. Best Mobile war game Super fun experience, lots of fun scenarios and you can make scenarios and countrys Great game, although needs updates. Please make a update of a 1700 scenario tomorow and also your game is awsome It is a fun game it sometimes crashes but that is rare This game is soo good. it has a good range of countries to play, has many variables and selections like ultimatums and making unions etc Greatest strategy game ever 💟💟 G r e a t game mate. Recently bought this game and put a good amount of hours into the game. Incredibly addictive and a fun game, but the bugs are very apparent. Many of which ruin the fun of the game. I'm a bit dissapointed to see the creator has given no effort to fixing the mobile version, I appreciate the game for what it's worth but I would never put money in the wallet of this game's creator again since he shows no interest in fixing bugs for his paying customers. After 1000+ turns unable to save any progress. Have tried to contact the developer but NO response at all. Please fix the game ASAP. Sometimes it force me to end the first turn after starting new game, can't choose no when it asks. Save game broken! The game didn't save for 7 consecutive times so I have to play the same game over and over again. Save on beginning of the next turn is good for gameplay but bad in practice. The save is done right after the phone is on heavily stress. It can make the save broken on many times. Why you don't let us save the current turn to make sure if it's saved or not? Its mostly good but its starting to break. Please fix this A really good game Would be great if the creator didn't bum out. If you release aoc3 dont leave. At least put in events and make the game sophisticated and give us a skill tree. Great game! Good game but whenever you try to form a country in Indonesia it exits the game love it. and the best part is that you put hidden continents as sea provinces! The game is everything I wish for but it's not like hoi4 which is game I love to play, I recommend this to people who can't have hoi4 because this game and a couple others are good. Good Great game totally worth the money. But I have one suggestion which I think you can manage...please add a WWI scenario. Theres lots of people who want one and I think it would be a good addition to this game. Anyway keep up the good work! Good luck Not bad, its fun Incredible game, it's one of the best. Definitely worth the money. If you want a bigger screen, just get the PC one. Only thing is I wish I could take over France in Europe and then not have to try and run around the world to own the territory in France. Keeps crashing, haven't fixed it in 6 months. Do not spend money on app. Will change review when they fix I love the game and I am always excited to play it. The details give the thrill that I am searching for as I am fond of political games. But there's just obe thing that irritates me and it's the way the game crashes. It always crash most especially when I reach more than 1000 turns and when I failed to save the game, I lost every development I had. Please fix this issue and we will support more of your political games in the future. I like the game is so cool But can you add Bombs in the game please This game reflects - more or less - the political side of war as well as the military side. In some ways, it's the most accurate military strategy game in the Store! I experienced Very Heavy lag spikes which made the game unplayable. Please Fix this. It's not have update more. Good game but when will u update it Good overall it just needs a ww1 scenario Very good but there are too many glitches. Really epic game, but it doesn't get updated Great game the best game. But Glitches Its a pretty fun game. But... THE MECHANICS OF THE GAME IS TERRIBLE. Trading is near worthless and having 5 countries declaring war at you in the same time is just a really bad experience. And also the AI countries can sometimes declare war on you without even you noticing. And by the time you knew its too late. Love it Just bought the game and the save button doesn't work, if you go to the main menu save it works but you can't load your game, it brings you to a bare map with listing for the Ming Dynasty as having 100+ providences; (I wasn't the Ming Dynasty and I was in the early BC's) and having 300+ gold per turn but no actual game. It looks like a completed game and I went to my other save and it's the same thing. Just bought this game yesterday... I love this game, but there seems to be a bug because certain provinces seem to destroy their economy though my investments are far higher than the mark in the spendings. It goes doen to 99 and then I can't even help it anymore with extra investions in the province, it just stays 99 per cent If it would be possible to add marriage as option it would be super! The game is a slightly more detailed game than Age of Conquest. All that this really adds is the ability to have more direct control of provinces and some more diplomatic abilities. Sadly, this game has a few bugs that really kinda hinder those additions. There's a glitch where you're diplomacy is set to "0" for everyone, there's a glitch where if you have a big army, the next time you load the save it will show the size of your army as 0, and no updates fix these! Great job Łukasz, your game is fun but as I play I find that as I play through the game my devuce wants to shut down the app, is there any way this can be fixed? This game is not newbie friendly. The first time you get to play it's just a big mess of text. The only problem of this game are Followings: BUGS, SAVING CRASH. Otherwise, it's a great game. The game wont worked on my phone Infinix Hot s pro.I dont know if the loading bugs is fixed but im always stuck in the in the loading screen.Pls fix it mr.developer I just purchased this game and it wont work. Great games, controls suck on your phone though EDIT - Please see my original review below but as stated in other reviews a fault develops with the save function and the game becomes totally unplayable as all progress is lost when game is closed. VERY DISAPPOINTED! original review was 5 star - It's a total war style map campaign, regional management and diplomacy game that hits all the Mark's to make it a really good game. epic game i lovethis game good Good but please add a button to remove the formable civilizations. I dont want it to form new civilizations pls Game doesn't save Hearts of iron but for poor people So coll! 👍👍👍🇵🇭🇵🇭🇵🇭❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😅 Dont get me wrong the game is in no shape or form a bad game. The problem is that no updates are made fixing problems. Problems such as the player being declared war on by five nations at the same time on completely different continets. I feel that implementing a simple war goal or justify war goal mechanic would fix this. This issue has ruined my ability to enjoy many of my campaigns and I hope it is fixed. I also wished that technology and research had a bigger impact on the game. Great It's really glitchy and trash This game is one of only a few good games on mobile there for I give it five stars This is an amazing game, theres no other way to put it. I first decided to get AoC 1 because this seemed to confusing to me, but once I started playing around with everything it got much easier. Theres so much in this game and it's much more realistic than AoC 1. I cant stop playing it. There's always something to do and it's always exciting. If there's one thing to complain about, it's that when I zoom out it gets really quite laggy. I'm sure this is just my phone. Get it while it's on sale! It's pretty good Good, But Update or Atleast Fix some Bugs In my opinion, this game is the best game, but one probelm is that i incoutered an annoying bug, i was playing as swizerland in 1440, and in about 400-500 turns when i saved the game adn exited and then returned back, i was playing another nation other than swizerland i was next to swizerland and this bug ruined my game. great game but sometimes crashes I love this game but please for god's sake fix this game with its bugs. I gave this game 5 stars at first now I am lowering it to 2 stars. There are just too many bugs in this game and it is impossible to play with them.😭I really enjoyed this game and I have great hope for it but all I see is this game and opportunities go into the bin Amazing game. I know some people have had problems with saving but I haven't had one. I love the in depth strategy and diplomacy. Really enjoyable. I wish they were still doing updates for it though. I definitely recommend. Good strategy games This game is absolutely great but I can not save my progress when I click save it shows that it will save the next turn but then when I leave the app my save is gone please fix. Amazing good fantastic, definitely worth it I do not like the save glitch i have a 2400 turn game and it is not being saved please fix it Great game it's really a time killer and making your own scenarios is really fun and entertaining This game is a lot of fun when it works. It won't let me play anymore because I can't even complete a single turn without it crashing. This also happens when I try to start a new game. Hoi4 but more random Please update It's a very nice game but there should be more scenarios or it should tell how to make a proper scenario Good game but i cant edit the map or make cities or alot of other stufd Good game but needs updated and sometimes if you are in a war your ally won't accept causing you to be at war weather you have conquerd all the territory or not. Amazing Update you lazy ass I absolutely love this game but it has a game breaking save glitch that everyone ses to have, I've lost several games now, I have a 1200 turn game that is now unplayable because every time I play it won't save my progress past a certain point and I'll lose many hours worth of progress, complete waste of money due to this one glitch the game is cool and amazing...however when i reach 276 turn and want to save the game in next turn its forced the app close and this always happen thats very annoying because i would open the app again waiting load and play just for forced to close app again in next turn...please fix this bug It is a great game but I can save it just says it will but it never does Amazing app, fun for strategy lovers but if you don't like micromanagement then be careful. Amazing Ok you guys need to fix when I about to start the game because there is so much lag it is ridiculous,that kicks me out to my home screen and I was excited about the game too so plz fix this I really want to play this game Need more scenario updates!!!!!! I love this game and i think it would be cool if they aded a world war 1 map and a 7 years war scenario(comment if you agree) I'd like to see more scenarios in the future. The bug about the save have been fixed, but now sometimes when I try to save, it doesn't work. It just shows a save popup on the upper right. I'm around 800 turns in 1440 scenario. I wish there's an all army button to move them on one space or something like that. DONT BUY this game has a lot of bugs and the developer doesn't care it appears he's given up on the game I'm gonna list some of the bugs 1: Deletes Saves 2: No reputation after a while 3: If you take Northern parts of the world the time-lapse glitches out 4: Fast-forwarding without your input I would strongly recommend NOT getting this game Great game to play while having the TV on in the background. It looks awesome, but sorry, a little bit too difficult to navigate. Very addictive. 굿! Really great concept and runs really well it can just be really confusing at times I am struggling deeply with how to core a province or take it as your own after a war It is by far the best grand strategy for mobile, but the controls are wonky on smaller screens and the bugs can be an issue You should make it like crusader kings 2 and total war Rome 2 but it is a pretty fun game Game Is Amazing. Best game ever! I scearch an game of big strategy and I found this! The best strategy game ever! Thanks for adding Romanian because I'm Romanian and I love this game!!!👍🏻 Great game. Have only had one problem do. Recently my game has been stuvk in vertical mode and I can't change no mather what the settings on my phone is. Please fix this. Its a Great strategy game can you make Unit types like Tanks,Ships,Artillery and they should be make in a Factory or some kind of stuff We need more maps. Updates. Very fun and very well made Its really good but I want to be able to edit the landscape and water on Mobile. Thats all i really want to happen. -Edit- The game is Starting to bug out when I try and Go to one of my custom Scenarios. I press them and it just stays on the Scenario Select screen. Please fix this. Amazing game just like EU4 Very good for this kind of game on phone. I mean it hasn't been updated in a while. It's good Great. Expecting 1200 or more or less provinces map More maps and senarios for less provinces map Very good game with a lot of potential you should add a ww1 scenario. Very fun game enjoy playing it on the bus (Mexico is a great country to start on modern world) The game now freezes whenever I try to open it now It is fun I love this one I like this game but its a numbers game the strategy is to have the most numbers not best strategies i hope you add boats and different types of units. One of my favourite games on my phone. Loved the 1st first one and was so happy with this new more complex version. Massive kudos to creator Lukasz!! Kiedy update na androida Very similar to eu4 but on mobile but very hard to scroll down on menus Love the game. I can't stop playing it, however recently after I play a single game long enough the save function gets stuck. It shows its going to save next turn and the animation happens, but it never saves and keeps doing this every turn. I really do enjoy this game, so please fix this. Easily a 5 star game if it doesn't have this issue. Good games. Ut there are some glitches This game is fun. I totally recommend it. It's worth the price I like the game a lot, but it keeps losing my progress. I keep saving the game, multiple times, but the next time I reopen the app it's at an old save point. Fantastic game. A little bit of problem here and there but its honestly the closest thing to HOI. I LOVE ALL THE DIFFERENT MAPS, that takes places in all the different time eras. A really good game, but when you have been playing for 200-300 years (in the gamexd) there are a lot of bugs, from that i can't save anymore to the 99 economy bug, without those fails anyone would have a better experience (srry for my english xd :p) It is a good game but there are a lot of glitches like I cannot change the population rise temp. Because it will crash, there are no updates and there are a lot of annlyibg glitches like when your files get corrupted Its an extremely fun game, however, somehow my games cant be saved after a while of playing and the game keeps on kicking me out. Its really annoying to play the same scenarios over and over again. Please fix this bug thanks Good game it real world in the timeline Wicked game wish you would up date it keeps crashing on me now Best game ever. Even beats some of the console games I have. Worth every penny. If your thinking of buying a Google play game buy this one. This game is very fun. But eventually if you go long enough the game just becomes riffled with bugs. I am at a point where the gam cant even save just 20 turns ahead of the last time. So while its great fun, and i got my moneys worth, its really killed my enjoyment lately and im not sure if I can continue playing. Theres nlonly so many times you can replay the same scenario only to get the same save bug over and over It wow i like it. Vry gud the best game ever haha may i suggest to developer to add some kind of action to the game like a battle report with soldiers attacking and defending each other that would be better, Like the game goodgame empire because everytime you attack there is always a battle report. I also suggest to expand the game like there is also utilities and troops upgrade Not just quantity and quality armies It's just turn based. I love playing this game. And I understand the multiplayer aspect. But it just lacks some luster. That's the only reason it's not 5 stars It's a good game and really entertaining, but is obvious that it was made for a computer and not mobile I love it Suck If you see this can you make it where we can stage a coup Really Good Details 👌 Dont Listen to People You Did Great On This Game And Worked Hard On It, But There Are Some Things That COuld Possibly Make It Better. has some bugs awful I started the full version game, I know it's good and much better than the Age of Civilization 1, but it keeps crashing.... So I decided to get a refund until the crashes are fixed.... Hi Lukasz, I love the game and have been playing it since it came out on android. I just have some things that I hope you can take into consideration, the first one is editing already existing flags for different ideologies, the next is so that in the editor mode you can make different flags for your civilisations ideology, and the last one is adding a WW1 time period, also can there be a online multiplayer feature. Great game!! I suggest adding a World war one scenario!! Please add World War 1, Korean War, Vietnam War and Cold War along with American Revoltionary War. Please do Age of Civilizatons 3. AVOID THIS GAME! ... The development of the game stopped (even on the steam version). There is no way to backup saves, game crashes and Im not willing to lose my +2000 turn game if the games crashes and corrupts the save. Edit: 18-09-19 I talked about lossing my save do to a crash... it happened. Has a great Immersive experience The game is just a map painting app. Sure I mean you can pretend to rp out situation however it tends to be very limiting. Unlike some other map games I play, there really is no simple type of tech tree. If you wanted historcal battles, it's better to get another app, sinve this has a bigger bias towards "more land = more power". It's amazing When will you update your game to fix all the bugs and glitches ? This is an Amazing game all around for endless hours of fun and challenge. I would however like to see more eras and possibly see an online multiplayer feature in the future... This Game would be even better with it. Extra Pls update game D: it's so good It is absolutely amazing. I have been playing this game for over a year now, and have resolved most of the bugs I thought were in the game, however there is a severe lack of updates in the game, hense the 4 stars. Overall an entertaining and historically accurate game. Love the game, but there is a very annoying glitch that turns provences black for no reason if you go into the formablw nation creator. It turns black for the rest of the game and is very annoying to look at conpared to the colors of the countries Great app but please fix the terrain glitch Fix your game, your game is only playable on beginer as the AI targets you, I invaded Austria with Russia and even though Russia had 25,000 men on the front lines (which isn't a front as the AI leaves tiles open) and I had 3,000 they targeted me with their entire army but 4,000 which were on the Russian front. The Game Does Not Work It Crashes when I load please fix Ok so, the games great and all but its super buggy, i mean to the point where after about 100-150 turns you cant save, its really irritating, not to mention that theres a pc version and apparently its getting updates still while this version isnt getting anything... Great game i love it i am just sad theres no ww1 Admin plz pay attension and update the game. Like United nations or EU or G20 whatever that typre add an world assembly in the game. Try to do it something new. Overall game is awesome. Ill give 5 start when you will update the game. It is fun but it doesn't get updated and I think there should be a scenario in the cold war or ww1 besides the emu war I like this game but there are still much issues. It's a fun game it's hard as heck to so it makes it better It has been a very fun game although i need some updates for tablets phones and ipads like nuclear bomb drop tanks naval bombing battleships and even equipment following equipment: swords M1 rifle AK47 Thompson gun and Sniper rifles good game but wondering where the location of the file is to make governments Easily one of the best mobile conquest games out there, kind of reminds me of Hearts or Iron 4. Its great kinda like hoi4 but simple Rubbish I was playing as russia and i was doing ok and i took estonia and then declared war on different country and after 5 turns we were looking good then they had 15 turns without me being able to stop the invaders and when i had a chance i couldnt move all my troops and lost the war Didnt make sense that estonia magicly appered again and defeated russia one of the the most powerful at the time. Amazing! I love it! I'm pissed, amazing game without a doubt but when I save at least 7 times within 2000 turns only to have the ENTIRE load corrupted and lose EVERYTHING it's just ah.. Wonderful game but the whole save feature is buggy at least for me. Gonna be taking a pretty long break because almost 2 hours of gameplay out the window is rough. Age of Civilizations is great but why isn't there a world war 1 scenario? Game is trash. You cant move because you moved into their country? All your land is gone now. You crushed their army? 1000k stack right there. Not fun, not good. Grand strategy + turn based = bad. I like this a game, they're is great. !!! Good job!!! This game is so good but I have found a bug that really messed up my gameplay I made a new scenario after I did that I was trying to play it every time I loaded the scenario though it crashed the game I have to exit out of the game completely for it to work again. The scenario was easy to make I had no bugs making it it's just when I loaded it crashed. This is an good game which some compare to a Paradox Grand Strategy games which visually it does resemble but the strategy element is far less complex and rewarding. It seems deep with so many options but much of this is almost window dressing. I've found the divide and conquer startegry works almost everytime. Befriend your big neighbours and then take them out one by one. In the end your like a snowball downhill and become unstoppable. If feel it could be so much more of a game with work. Hard to learn This is one of my favorite games or all time but I don't like that the game has some options while playing to do thing that are unrealistic. An example would be trading the smallest piece of land for a lot of coins but then I would get declined even if I had a good relationship with the country. The gameplay overall though is good and I think that they should have added more categories like American revolution or WW1 I would like if you add more ideolagys such as Nationalism and Sosialism.Thank you. I give it no stars for the moment. Reason being I haven't been able to play it. I've bought the game and once it loads up it shuts down. So how am I suppose to play the game? How can I get a refund? This game needs an update Maybe update a few things over time (Jakarta to Borneo for Indonesia's capital) and maybe add more maps and times such as The Crusades and maybe a map of The Moon with modern countries as senarios. Add a Sandbox mode please! I would love to see a new scenario. The game keeps crashing every time I try to play a random game I love this game. it is a real pass-timer and the diffucultness of learning makes it worth the play. I have trouble inputing my own pictures into the slots for my custom leaders. Few glitches/bugs but overall fair gameplay The game has not bin updated in Ca va bien Awesome. Amazing game! But I think that you should add a new scenario about the future. I absolutely love this game,it's everything I'm looking for when it comes to grand strategy,it could use an update especially for the editor stuff but otherwise it's perfect The best mobile game i have had! I can't stop playing it! Can't wait for the next update! But it has been long since last update. Edit: could you add a multiplayer? Because it seems like you have just left the game as is and thet there are no updates. Edit: The game is starting to have bugs abd glitches and it id beginning to be unplayable we need a Update! I didn't ever played a strategy game but this game it's the best This game is fun. This will promise you hours of gameplay. Desperately needs better UI. Big learning curve. Fun but very frustrating at times. Some time periods more fun to play than others. it is a good game Alot of bugs, the most recent one was today, i couldn't open the diplomacy tab and i couldn't build anything anymore i couldn't move to the next turn the game became unplayable and it still is unplayable i can't even start a new game anymore Good game only thing that's annoying is when you try to make a scenario there's too much tiles and it's annoying af The game is great but there is a bug appearing in a game, zooming the provinces makes the image glitch It's a really fun game, and a great mobile alternative to Paradox games. While I'm not saying it's on par with them, I'm saying it's a great mobile game. On computer, the game runs very smooth and the graphics are great. ((Ps, I've put over 200 hours on computer !!)) Impractical. Low quality. Not worth the price. Great game when it actually works, because it crashes a lot. Decent game. On a larger screen lags the hell out of it for me. Another problem is the sensitivity of moving across the map which is crazy fast. On my phone (Mate 20 pro) game runs smooth but sometimes crashes.... Good autosave Amazing details to nations and names Wide range of languages For me worth buying, but please guys, do something about that font, cause if I try to make it bigger is just crowding my screen. It's good I like it but it keeps crashing while it loads so I had to uninstall and reinstall to fix it but it's a good game. Hello, I have a problem, which is when I settle my scenario and enter the countries I want and play. I do not see half of the countries that I entered, I hope that the problem will be corrected. Almost perfect but some shapes of cities are too big I hope we can have access to the game files just like in PC, This game is the best Turn-based Strategy Game on Mobile right now. You guys should buy it! Turn your small Nation into a Mighty Empire! Saved games always seem to crash when u try loading them. If this worked it wud be a pretty great strategy game for sure. So I'll give this 2* for that reason alone. The game goes really good, actually I got the pay version. The biggest problem it's that I can't play some games because it broken and I can't play it anymore. I hope that the developers will try to fix that bug. Great game This game is so fun. Is a little bit hard to learn how to play but once you learn you cannot stop playing. Also, they should add some way to save your "account". A few months ago, I bought a new tablet and my progress of age of civilizations didn't save. If they add that, the game would be AWESOME. I absolutely love the game and it has brought me many hours of fun. While the game itself is albeit lacking, the game editor is easy to use and has a great many options. However, as other people mention, the app version has not been updated for a whole year while the PC version gets frequent updates. Also ingame some mechanic just have no noticeable effect, namely the leaders, governments for the most part, and more. The biggest issue is the lack of updates though, and otherwise it is great. I cant play spotify Amazing!! I have spend numerous hours on this game and is probably my favourite mobile game (Even though i play on laptop). On phone, the screen is small and a bit difficult to see and also, for example, if you play as say Italy in the modern world map you can make the roman empire and same with places like France and Germany but, what I would love to see is if you can make it so you can create the British Empire as well on the modern world map. But a very good game. I love this game and the editor I paid money for this game, I'm asking you to please fix it. The game is pretty unstable, bugs and glitches just lives within it lol. Whenever I try to save my game it doesn't. I recommend you to play this game if you like strategy based genre's, but it has to be fixed first before it's really playable. 😊😊 I do not recommend this game wasted my literal 11 rm of my money it glitches a lot and most of the features doesn't work it's better if you install the modded versions it has updates frequently and load ton more scenarios Türn dosn't work Great game , i like geography and history , and this game make it at the same time hey lucasz if thats how you say it i reconmend you create a particular senario.. all u.s states in the modern world and when one state conquers all of the other then they can form the u.s.a because i have been longing for something like that! to be at a challenging secnario.(bad at spelling) i would also like you to add something like tanks. under the normal units/army there can be a bigger number, it represents tanks. they cost more and you need factories. please consider it. thank you! A great simulator and fun strategy game The game is great, but can we download scenarios which are made by other people? Dear Developer, The game would be very much more loveable if you add nuclear/missile bombing capability in certain technology. And due to a civilization being nuclear power, he holds more prestige points and the civilization of other countries would dare not oppose them. There is quite alot to do but I have found that sometimes, even with fog of war off, the enemies army appears smaller or does not appear to exist and it does not show you its true size until it is too late. Why say that an army has 1000 men when it has 2000 men when I attack it? I am getting sick of attink enemy province that appears to have 1000 men with 1500 men just to find that it actually has 2000 men. Absolutely disgraceful. I had 100,000 troops fighting in my ally's territory when they all flipped to their troops. Every single mechanic I find in this game is so unrealistic that it's not even playable. Really great game, worth every cent, not for everyone, but I recommend it, best game on the play store. Fun but crash 3/4 times I load in Good game but the screen is cut off. Has major potential but no updates have came out. Can u please update the game,ive been playing this game for 2 years now and theres still no update.please add more scenarios. The creator of this game doesnt care about the reviews and never improves them,he then also abandoned the android version and it is a insult to all android users because we payed for this game for what!We just wasted our money and progress in this game ........ I like it but when i start a game half of the contries are gone Wonderfull game its a great game and more than worth its price. since i got it a few days ago, ive almost played it nonstop. there are so many differnt scenarios to choose from aswell as the nation you play as. its just a great game. Good game The game is so fun. Ive never had more fun. Ww1 and cold war would be nice Great game, i played the heck out the 1st game, finally got the new one, and really love the new advancements in the game, really gets me into it now, and willing to finish a full game with all the depth the game has from the first. Worth the money!! I bought this game as i thought it would be still developed but it turns out ot be not, i am no satisfied with the developer and the game, it only gave us ONE not so major update, i WANT a REFUND! Great game amazing time killer I initially bought this just as something to do in between my college classes since I like Paradox games so much. I have seen several Paradox YouTubers play this and negatively review it because it isn't as in depth or complex as Paradox. I think they are being harsh. It is, hands down, my favourite mobile game. With the scenario editor the possibilities are genuinely endless. There are so many ways to make the game however you want it to be. I highly recommend. It sucks it wants all of your apps deleted don't install they also use bots y'all are dumb stupid game Amazing Welcome to willco Wonderful game After turn 1000 or so, it stops saving or if it does, it only saves the date but my army, development,and economy remain the same even if I update them. Posted on 12.19.18 The customized game is broken. When i add a country and start from 4500BC it will stop my progress. When i save, it wont save. So i basically play this mode anymore. Loved the game but lack of updates will keep this rating at a 1. Updated on 2.18.20 All the above problems still exist. Now it is force closing when i play any game style. Updated again on 3.17.20... now the game is virtually unplayable. Would love to see expansions for the game with some added mechanics. The game is great and has a lot of potential for expanding its content. Would recommend anyone who loves TBS or strategy games in general. Absolutely sucks! The UI is horribly glitchy, constantly misinterpreting finger touches. AI can literally pull death stacks out of its butt with no issues at all. AI knows exactly how to counter, even right after getting bashed by each other. Coalitions are absolute trash spam! Peace deals are equally spammed. Tutorial is broken and doesn't do anything useful, or helpful in general. You invade countries, any country, no matter how small? Coalitions. Just bad. Fun game Whenever I try to do spectator mode, my game just crashes. That's kind of the reason that I downloaded the game in the first place, so I was dissapointed The game keeps crashing a few minutes into play time. I've deleted cache and data, uninstalled the game then reset my phone. This still has not worked and the game continues to crash. Otherwise this would be a great time filler. I love the special touch given to each country. Everything is historically correct. Splendid sandbox strategy game! The game is extremely fun, I've never had so much fun playing a game on a mobile before but I feel like this game needs more maps, keep playing on earth got very boring for me and I really like the fact that there's a Kepler 22b map but I feel like it needs more maps like a mars map or a venus map Game crashes extremely consistently. Does not save games. Fun to play but hard to enjoy I would 100% rate this a five if you add a ww1 scenario. everything is great apart from the scenarios are kind getting boring also if you do make a ww1 scenario (please) bump up the chances of communist rebels so the Soviet union may take over. and make the rebels buff please. I hope you take my word for this as it will make the game more exciting also do African colonies as vassels/puppet states. Bye Very intracate and more complex than many games economicaly, politicaly, and diplomaticly, but i reccomend a better more interesting way of warfare such as adding more choices for defences and units such as having warships for naval combat or limitations to sea travel in earlier ages and tech levels, also the scenario population levels are inaccurate to realism, overall though i enjoy the gameplay. It's ight I love the game and i can play for hours, if not days on the same scenario and i can achieve victory as a country such as Fiji, the only negative i found is technology dosent effect much combat and this combat can get boring at times. I voted this game down a star, it keeps crashing Edit: The crashing seemed to be my old phone, I recently upgraded and Im loving it like the first games Amazing game, but i have a suggestion. If you would please add the ability to change alliance names, and flags of the nations you're controlling, outside of the editor, that would make this a complete 5 star experiance from me👍 It's good Spent plenty of hours playing this. Diplomacy glitch can be frustrating, but the game can still be played. Wouldn't mind seeing an update to this to resolve the glitches. Really good game and the editor is fun. It's a good game, a big buggy, but still a good game. Through my experience i love this game but i noticed a unused continent in the packaging, "Antarctica" and now I wonder if it WILL be implemented to the game. I hope Lukasz adds it into the next update (if there will ever be one). Just wont work . Good game--capitulation would make it even better I highly recommend you do NOT buy it. Lots of minor and game-breaking bugs. The dev has clearly abandoned the Android version in its current state. A shame since it was really promising and could definitely be improved, I find myself playing it for hours when it works. And to the dev: the game is better suited as a mobile game rather than focusing on the PC version (just my 2¢). My suggestion for now? Install the modded versions, at least they get updates (and you get more content). Cool Beautiful game. Sometimes glitchy. But otherwise, great game. Want to be able to import flags/images in the future with greater ease. Keeps crashing, but a good game. I am removing two stars because it's not been fixed. I have no idea why after about a dozen moves it automatically saves after each turn. But it doesn't save, if you come out of the game it'll take to back about a dozen moves The game is actually very great, but after around +-500 turns it become can't save the progress of the game, also there are some bugs that needs to be fixed This game was so good until i had to delete the data because the game was stuck at 99% Getting a "Game crashed while loading. Loading minimum scale of map." after this the map appears very pixelated. Other than that one bug, I've enjoyed the game a lot. Very repayable, each game can take a while. I hope they can fix this issue. When you conquered like half of world or more, its gets so lag (i am playing with Redmi Note 7 4/64) even it would force close the game and the lacking of autosave features erased all my data back, just dont buy this game. I had high hopes coming into this game as it looked like a fun wargame. However when I opened the game for the first time it instantly crashed and restarted my phone. I got the game open after multiple crashes. Then I turned off my phone in the middle of the tutorial, which was very confusing and not easy to understand, and after numerous tries to get back into my phone I finally had to restart again. Unfortunately I had spent too long trying to get into the game and could not get my refund. *******(Do not waste your money)******* I know the developers aren't even going to write back but I feel so silly wasting $5 on a game that can't even save properly.. the autosave feature is completely broken and it honestly kills the game for me... the sad part is they're not going to fix it.. what a huge waste of money.. -its 2/15/20 and the auto save bug for (1200) and (1440) is still ongoing -its 3/04/20 and the auto save bug for (1200) and (1440) is still ongoing It's an amazing game but sometimes when I open up the app it zooms in and stays that way. And I have to restart the entire game please fix this Boring game waste of money Its stunningly beautiful Easily my favorite mobile game. I hope for 3 if it's made, has more provinces, encirclement of enemies and obvious bonuses for doing so, separation between mainland and colonies, so you don't have to go all over the world to take over countries entirely, more options for peace deals, like if I vassilize a country after war, it would be nice to set army size restrictions and set reparation values... then if they want to attack me and break those I get a notification. Also intuitive map builder. Show some effort and update it then I'll review it I Approve This game is fantastic and goes into a lot more detail in the prospect of building an empire. But I want an option to save everything in the cloud, because after upgrading to a new phone I found that my custom Civilizations and scenarios aren't saved like they would if you could link a Google play account. Absalout outstanding! I love how unrealistic it is and j love the scenario creator like making medieval countries into modern day scenario like wow! good game, would give 5 stars but so many bugs that just get ignored. :( It is a good game but it would be better if there was a time period for ww1 Its abandoned by its developer Needs nukes. this game is awsome but like all games you can make improvments. i think that you should implement tech to streghten your army instead of just tech to make more money. Also add more empires hre but japan ect. and add national focuses like hoi4. and add more ploitics and diplo like vic2. Just to sum it up add aspects of eu4 hoi4 and vic 2 then this game will become even more awsome. Also sometimes my game crashes but that might just be my chromebook This game is incredible on the full version. However, could you please come up with some more creative names for different ideologies? Like maybe the European People's Union for Communist EU as opposed to just the EU? Also add nukes that will either delete targeted provinces or destroy buildings. Also, new ideologies: Socialism, Imperialism, and Anarchism. I like it. Love it especially when u need to kill time worth the money wish they had more scenarios like world war 1 and possibly the world every 100 years from when civilization started Great game It's always the same... This game is great! It is probably the most fun mobile turn-based strategy game I have ever played, and the fact that you added editor is even better, But if you could make it more realistic and not just random would add to the taste, So, thank you, and good luck. Good Good game, decent music, alright mechanics! But, personally a few suggestions may be in order. First off, your leader stays the same throughout the entire game. Maybe make leaders change or some type of election event if you're a democracy or something. Secondly, aerial bombing of strategic targets would be good, along with the installation and upgrade of Anti-Aircraft in certain areas. Armored units and infantry would be nice as well. Update the game more often, and it could do wonderful things I absolutely love the games and I've played it a little to much I've been told. Only thing I hate is that theres no WW1 map and there no LAN Multiplayer. Love the game and keep the good work up! I like it but needs more updates Amazing! No complaints! Complex at first but amazing. Good game however there is a game breaking bug where you're armies will simply disappear. It's a fun game to play, but it's far from user friendly on phone. Also, save feature doesn't seem to work very well in my game. I also have issues where the game gets lag or stuck after longer periods of playing the game. 진짜 재밌네요 제 인생게임임니다 Best game I have ever played. I hope the developer puts more stuff you can build in future updates. Good game but definitely has a good amount of problems though. Wish we could get an update more than once ever couple years. If you stayed on top of it this could be a cash cow game. Sometimes crashes but for the most part it is great This Game is super good with graphics and more, this is a 4 to 5-star rating | Suggestion: Elections great game! its a cheaper version of all the parodox games, and for mobile. i highly recomend! The best strategy game yet. If only micromanaging was easier for all buildings, that would make gameplay much faster. Uninstall pls The game doesnt work on spectator mode I tried every thing and am still trying things please fix this Please add world war one and new leaders Goof Brilliant strategy game 👌 Cool concept and great gameplay. Overall just a pretty neat game that has a concept different than many other games. Fun Game I think it's good but I don't know how to download maps Good game with lots of things to do but would really like to be able to invite members to a faction during a war Good app Very great game but there's just 1 thing that's missing, civil wars It's such a nice game. I've been playing it since 2018 January and still enjoy it Make another one except it has political events that you take part in I have this game on Steam. On my laptop, I'm not able to save a lot of things because I don't have a lot of RAM, but I love EVERYTHING about the game here! Great job!!! Huge game but a fairly linear gameplay - the largest factions nearly always win out and the smallest can only try to survive. In reality leadership couldn't lead more than a handful of provinces without spiralling issues of interest unhappiness etc, and relied on other subjects to manage provinces (lords, vassal kings, regional governments, etc) which then lead to large factions having major internal issues. Sengoku and Warring States/Spring & Autumn maps are fun though! Please add some multiplayer then I will give this game 1 more star Dont buy this game, it's not worth your time and money, I played, it's an infinite loop between scale and map, THERE IS NO GAME! Wont save for android render the game pointless unless you wantnto play for 16 hrs straight Good game, no issues Good i think they need to put where you can change the type of goverment of your vassals and make it so that your vassals cant declare war on your other vassels or other countries Me i love strategy games because it forces you to think about your next move i love the times when my desisions work out better for me like when i declare war on a weak allience to gain even more land than originally anticipated i just love the game This game has a good concept and all but its just really buggy. It sucks one turn you have 50k troops (attacking/standing in a province/Or moving) while at war then *poff* there gone idk what it is but this keeps on happening. No sign of a battle no sign of anything there just gone and sometimes Your vassals Take your troops when your in the same war like what?. Its not an isolated incident its many times in multiple games it gets infuriating please fix this bug. I love the set up of the game and maybe I'm missing something here, but I play a new game and I go for about 25 turns or so, then the game bugs out and kicks me back to my home screen, when I open the app again to continue on where I last saved it doesn't show up, the game I was just playing doesnt load or seem to exist anymore. It's not in continue game or load game. If someone could help me fix this problem I would then love to give this game 5 stars! Thank you. Overall best game ever however i will only give half stars due to lack of updates and the fact that i can only make 3 scenarios max. Make it where we can make atleast 5. Also add a cold war scenario that takes place in 1963 and also add a world war 1 scenario. Lately theres been lots of bugs. Great game, but I can't save after round 300. Makes this awesome game unplayable, really sad. The game was fantastic for awhile and now all of a sudden the game won't let me save anymore. I am very far into my game and just messing around with other provinces to see what i can do, but now whenever i try to save and quit, it will say it's saved even though when i load the game up again, it's stuck on the same turn and i go back to being at war with Danzig. I want to rate this 5 stars, but not until there's a fix for this. I like the game so much but it needs to improve better..Please add more options like trade with other countries or add a UN type of organization. Lastly add better tutorials for the game to have better experience for its players.. When is the next update of this game devs???? 2/3/20 Never bored to play and play again Game is very fun at the start, but as time passes by, it would feel very repetitive. The only thing there is to this game is conquest, and not that much. Playing different nations doesn't offer much, only difference is how strong you start and where you start. For suggestion, a trade and navy mechanics would be nice. Because currently in this game, Army = Navy. Also, a interface where you can spam build buildings would be nice, it gets pretty tedious to build on 100+ provinces one by one. IS FUN YOU CAN DO SO MUCH Awsome amazing fun game but once when it was loading it was stuck on 98% and has ever since i dont want to delete it and get it again so please somehow fix but it is very fun. :) Might be a good game if it would actually play. At least I got a refund. Can you add more features, like the cold war maybe ? 😍 Awesome!! Change the present senario's Year to 2020 Very fun and adictive Good game really good game! first mobile game where you can make any scenario you want! you can create/buff/debuff/delete/move countries and make alliances, its amazing and easytech should take notes for once! 5 stars if you add unit types (PLEAAASE) It a good game I like the strategy I am hooked love this game This game would be great if it weren't for the glitches. can you make a new scenario about american revolution? Great game I love it I would love to see eventually a new game with modern tec like nukes and we're you can modernize your military but this is the most amazing nation strategic game on the phone I have ever seen. I really like how I can make my own nation's amazing. The game is fun! But there's a glitch: The Calendar is mixed up. August is after September. This is by far probably the best civilization game WITH TURNS! I usaully hate civilization games with turns but this one is amazing because theirs so much more that you can do than just sit their and build a castle recruit your troops and move them. You can make Alliances you can form unions. I played for around 10 hours on the 50-States of the U.S.A and I started off as New York I then started going into Cananda conquered that, I then made a Alliance with Michigan and made a union. GREAT GAME!! I have enjoyed the age of civilization games for some time now and liked the direction it took but I can not fully support it if I can not play. Starting up the game is no problem but once it loads to the main menu, the game either crashes or freezes, I have done everything I could to fix this from optimizing the memory of my phone to deleting apps to make space, which seemed to be the right thing to do. However, in the middle of playing a game of AoC2 the game crashed several times. Very good game. Though I would like if there were unit types or level so the combat is not only based on numbers While an ok game, AOC2 really needs some extra features if it wants to be a full-on strategy game. But for a mobile game worth five pounds it does more than what is required. Awesome I love this Game it's so much fun Really great! I love this game that you could declare wars, improve relations, decrease relations and MORE! 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 I love this game however the lack pf scanrios is bad and the AI put on easy is still op af as in i was playing as germany in 1936 on easy on sandbox and i attacked the allies and UK has over 10k in capitol so i sent 12k to take the capitol well they got an extra 2k so it failed and they got to 11k preety damn fast and sent 3k to france and evently 4k and my units were spreed out so i lost the war on easy and the ai needs to acutly be easy on easy. It is a great game that gives mobile players a chance to play a Europa Universalis 4 type game. It lacks many features of EU4 but it is one of the best for mobile and it is well made I like the game. Similar to Europa universalis 4 (EU4). But on a mobile platform. The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is that the game desperately needs random events, flavor events, disaster events, and ECT.. after you swallow the whole world it starts to become dull. It's a good game but it won't load my last saved game. The game has a bad glitch where you can't play the game after a certain time and all your progress is halted since it's frozen This is a perfect game but the problem with these type of games that it's very unrealistic and could you add different times like World War 1 or the Cold War I love the game and have played for many many hours. But recently my when I try to load up saves its a bit buggy. I cant open diplomacy tab or go to the next turn at all. if i can open the tab the screen goes black. I'm not sure if there's a way to fix this or if I should just uninstall and reinstall the game. I use a Samsung Galaxy Tab A and its always worked. I dont think its a storage problem. But occasionally it works fine. It's a fun game if you cant play eu4 or hoi4 No longer receive updates Can you add a WW1 scenario like you did in the Europe one please This is honestly addicting. The gameplay is challenging it doesn't focus on a single objective like the first version of the game. However, in Sandbox Mode, there is a bug for Resesrch Funding where it set itself to zero after a turn. Still, I love the game. Kudos to the developer! So good me love it i can play it any where Good Really excellent. Probably the most in depth strategy game on the play store. This is the best game I've ever played Doesn't work extremely laggy and can't get a refund The best ever Good Game, enjoy it! Nice Thoughroughly underrated game. Cam back to edit my review because after countless hours with this game, I might have to admit this is my favourite grand strategy game of all time. Though the meatier pc equivalents (eu5, hoi4, ck2 etc) might have more subtle mechanics, having this on my phone enables me to manage my snowballing empire when I have a bit of time here and there rather than having to sink 2 consequitive hours into some progress. Fantastic! I loved it and played it always but there something happening where when I click next turn it breaks Crashes to much but I'm poor and dumb so 👍 this game needs a update to add ( removeciv ) Great game and very addictive Wish the cold war could be added though Amazing game great job It's very precise when it comes to provinces. really good stategy game for a mobile device but needs more scenarios and better leader pictures I love the game. It is a constant of new and different ways to play based on the nation of which there is an abundance, and it's offline which any of my games aren't. My only complaint is if you go into Dept it's near impossible to get out and it's hard to play as country's like the Maori without going into Dept and there's not a lot of buildings. But besides that it's very great and I love it. Is gud This app reminds me of HOI4 and Europe Universalles games which I can't play cause I don't got PC. I've passed this game in the app store many times without knowing what it was about exactly. Once I tried it, I can't stop playing. It's addictive and very entertaining. Your country must survive against other rising oponents and prosper. World Domination strategy games is what I like. And this a nice replacement for the PC counterparts. Good thing is not only on PC, but also mobile;My new fave now When you capture a capital the country should surrender eventually like you can see when they will capitulate. Fun Grate game the most fun ive played! Minimal bugs, but slightly incorrect and appears really small on my screen. Better than the first though. I love everything about this game, but recently been having trouble when I load a game, the app reloads and then I cannot use the diplomacy tab. This is the Go to Game for War and Strategy Game Fans. To most of the people complaining about the save game not working it is your Device's Fault not the Game's. I would love a multiplayer mode but pass to play works. All of this Made by 1 Developer. I salut you. Hyped for AOC3 It's so good I love the game, its one of the best ive ever played, but for a number of nations, you have the wrong leader in the wrong time period (ex. You have abraham lincoln as the president of the usa in the victorian era, when we didnt even fight the mexican-american war yet) There's a bug after playing 1200 turns where when I load my last gsme, it wouldn't allow me to go to the next turn and the entire screen is shaking. If it wasn't for this bug, I would have given 5 star but now I've paid for this gsme and have to ensure this bug and I was already loving it.... Any way you can fix it with an update patch pls??? Havent updated in a whole year Where is illyria? I have been playing this for awhile and its very fun This is a amazing game, i love the detail that is included and the level of thinking that is required. But i have a fee suggestions for improvement, 1. Add Crime. I think having a Crime System would be great, it would make it more realistic. 2. Add the ability to get more In-depth Government systems. Im talking Nazism, And other more in-depth types of Governements. But yeah, overall really good game, it was worth buying The game is kinda addictive but need some updates and some nerfs, specially Portugal and Romania, their A.I are cheater as hell. This game would have been amazing if they kept working on it but I hear that the developer gave up on it so what's the in the game now is all that is ever going to be in the game if only They had put a community mod Workshop and it before they give up on it so that the community could continue making the game Every loading the game is crushing. I love this game and there no bugs in it so far. Thank you developer for saving this game from dying Great Age of civilizations 2 is awesome, but saving your game doesn't work. Running a country successfully for hours on end, only to have that progress vanish because the save mechanic is so wildly bugged means, however, that buying the game would be very regrettable (as of right now for most). Plz fix! The game is really good, otherwise. The game is like a paradox game on the steamworkshop but not a bad way. it is a fun game ones you understand it . although it's weird that a single province country can like take out and giant massive country but this does come for some fun world conquest for some country like Ulm. It keeps crushing all the time. After more turns keeps showing save game every turn. But actually it's not saving. I can't finish game This game is fun it. If you want a good simple strategy game on a phone this is the one So thats it? No updates no response? Just pay then get your game stuck with saving problems and bugs? This was Awesome at the start. Then you stopped the updates. Then you ignored your audience Good idea on paper but I couldn't find any UI tools to make the management of provinces easier. There are thousands of them, and going through one by one just teases my sanity. epic It is fun, I have had 8t for about a year now and I can't stop playing it This game is like the mobile version of EU4 its totally worth the money 👍🏼 Fix your game it keeps on saying, "Game crashed." And I have to restart it and then it will say it again and again i couldn't open it and play a single game. LOVE IT I MERGED AUSTRIA AND BOHEMIA AND MADE AN AMAZING EMPIRE Whole game concept is amazing and developer made a lot of effort but...... -after some time AI stop activites -rebels can overtake your province(which is ok) but they will overtake yours army as well(2 mil strong army in my scenario😲)changing the course of war. -after some time provinces you overtake will have tech level stuck on 99(lowest possible) not contributing state development -ai have tendency to declare war on you from other part of the world which make no sence -several more errors This is honestly my favorite game to play when I wanna waste time. Please make time to update this game. Save problem here! Waste my time anjir loo dev Plz make ww1 scenario soon Great Good game, but I don't understand how to download other senerios. There are certain features that bug me, especially those that interfere with my goals of forming nations in game. The biggest one for that matter is the land trading feature. When a foreign nation takes up certain land that I need to form a new nation, the only way for me to get it back is by invading said nation. I tried many times to buy the province(s) off but they keep rejecting it. I learned that it can only be done so if the province isn't said nation's core. Please remove this feature. Jedna z nejlepších strategických her ale i tak mám nějaké nedostatky ovládání někdy blbne a nesmyslně mi oddaluje mapu v nových verzí bych se nebál dát hře nový moderní design Very good Great game for the historical detail and strategy, sadly very buggy and failed completely after a few weeks. Love this game soooooo much and I have played it since its release but I would like there to be more updates and new features Confusing Menus pop up and there are no clear way to close them. Tried the tutorial but still can't do something as simple as move troops. Love that there is more depth to the game, but a more in depth tutorial may be needed. Will update rating as I play more. One of the best strategy game I have ever played. Fix to save problem All you have to do is hit save, then go to next turn for it to save. If you hit save, then quit it won't save Good game but it doesn't save my games which pretty much ruins the app It's a great game, enjoyable, many scenarios, you even can create your own scenarios, etc. Now a question: Can you update it on Android like you updated the app on Steam? So over all most of the glitches have been fixed making this a great game, the only issues I've found is when I trade another civ for a providence it doesn't seem to switch over to my empire when they accept the offer. If your a larger civ and you go to war with another large civ done times it can make the game crash but not every time just be sure to save regularly. Over all a very great game especially for a mobile game well worth the download. it's good This game is great but it seems the developer abandoned the game. There are lots of bugs that still present in the game and there hasnt been an update to fix them. The "diplomacy" tab no longer works with the latest update. When I try to view the map through the maps tab, the game crashes. Way too overly complicated and confusing, the tutorial was hard to understand, and most of the time I dont even know what I'm doing or what's going on. Other then that this game is decent. It's a great game and the save button is fixed one thing that would be good to improve the game would be to take in to account religion and trade have more geopolitics and for some reason leaders seem to be immortal in the game they never change Can no longer save my game keeps going back to the save I load in on. kinda annoying especially since I read its happening to alot of people but I'll give it 2 stars cause I really enjoyed this game Its a great game, i would like more scenarios if possible, like ww1, but besides that i love this game alot 😎 do you think you can add a ww1 senerio An amazing game, very addicting, and fun to play. It toke a little while for me to learn how to play though. No internet needed to play. And you can create custom scenarios. Best game ever but i want more Scenarios like Coldwar scenario and World War 1 Scenario It crashes alot I love the gameplay, the combination of simple rules making complex strategy is perfect. However, the slightly long load time combined with frequent crashes makes this game occasionally frustrating. I'm excited for a stability update, because then this will be my favorite game. When you get or buy the game make sure to turn on confirm end turn Great The biggest issue here and the same issue everyone else is having, is that the auto-save / manual save is broken. It's kind of a game breaking issue, because after playing any amount of time in a game, be it 2 minutes or 4 hours, it really ruins the game when everything you did was for nothing. I've even saved manually, back to back, a dozen times and it didn't work...😐 Don't wast your time or money, just get the Lite version, if you must.😑 I love the game overall, theres just some small things that are annoyong and there isnt as much info about how to do stuff as i'd like, if your a hoi fan this is the best mobile version. It is fun to play but basic things like zooming in, forming alliances, even making more money isn't explained enough, awesome game but would like it to be a bit awesomer Great game. Sometimes it crahses when you open the game but not a big issue ,just restart it when it hangs at 99% Cannot make simple events work.Triggers don't work.(Especially "control provinces" and "occupy provinces".) Keep having a map glich Too many menus and sub menus. The tutorial is too ambiguous on how to actually tell you to play the game. Not to mention that the controls are infuriating to try to understand. I move my thumb a little to the left to look at Italy and end up in Greenland. The menu closing buttons are so small that if you miss you could spend all of your money on something that you dont need and cant undo. Great idea, awful execution. I want my money back. The game stopped saving progress ! .. its frustrating .. Please fix the issue .. otherwise it's a great game Game itself is amazing, but there is too much bug. Don't buy it on google play, just get it from steam. It is a good game Definitely worth the £2 to play. You can tell the guy put a lot of effort into this game with much better graphics and playability (than AoC I). Look forward to some more maps and scenarios. Ww1 please if im being honest , wars shouldnt just be won by numbers , there should be some tanks or armoured brigades , maybe weapons research (like hoi4) higher casualties then it would be a bit more fun...but still deserves a high rating Why no update since 20 Dec, 2018? It would be great if you posted an update on 20 Dec, 2019 This game is seriously smooth as hell, it's great gameplay and has many eras to play in and countries, my only problem though, is that you can't play online with others, or LAN with them. Otherwise great game. This is the best civ game ive never found another one like this for phone and it reminds me so much of HOI4 Great game Really good game I got both the mobile and steam version of the game. I havnt played it in a while but it was fun. Make a cold war soenamo I think this game need new some features. For example trade ship can be add. In the other hand I like it. This is a great game to burn time. It's very emersive and there is a lot more to do than in the first Age of Civilizations. The issue I have is that there hasn't been an update since 2018. This is disappointing and the leaders of countries are now out dated. For example, in the UK it says Theresa May is PM however, Boris Johnson is currently PM. I like this game a lot so please update it soon. Great game can you plz add a WW1 scenario Not a bad game once you get the hang of it but the bugs with saving is a fatal flaw. If the bugs were fixed Id rate it higher,otherwise cant recommomend the frustration Game seems to have been abandoned Good app It's very good This game is beyond what I thought . This game is fun Finally a game I can enjoy on mobile Phenomenal, I am addicting to political map games and this has perfect forms of editing and diplomacy. This is the best war game in the world add a world war 1 senerio please u have ww2 why not ww1 Required Features: Delete Button For Formable Civilizations Scenario Editor And Custom Civilizations, Maps Of Terraformed Planets (Mars For A Example), Historical A.I Mode (Example: If Someone Made A World War 1 Scenario And Historical A.I Was On The A.I Countries Would Play Historically) Theres All This Game Needs Besides Bug Fixes Oh And In The Modern Day Scenario The A.I Wont Play Historically Even If The A.I Is On Love this game, but it won't work on my Galaxy s4. This game is pretty damn good for something on mobile. Definitely a top tier pastime. There are a few minor flaws, but given the complexities involved, maybe I just haven't learned how to do these things properly or efficiently. I can change the names of conquered and discovered provinces, but these changes don't apply as soon as I reopen the game or save. I don't know how to change the rulers of civilizations, which feels awkward in long games and custom scenarios. I can't change th Kepler map i like the game but whenever i exit off it i have to delete it and install it again and its annoying I love it! This is a great strategy game. I really injoy playing Age of Civilizations 2. It would be really cool if you added religon to the game. Only grand strategy mobile game which is good Lovely This game is addictive but its hard to saving my game.I've try so many time to save my game & after few day i want play back game that i saved, that game has gone.No such file saving on that game.Can u imagine how much time i spent to game & end up with nothing result? So wasting my time to create back new empire than when im saving game it will gone just like that.I pay highly price this game because i enjoy to creating real empire but with SAVING DATA PROBLEM, everyting wasted.Please fixed it! A must if you like hoi4 Worth the 5 bucks Gets rid of my wallpaper wich is annoying and it seems to drain my battery pretty quickly, and if my phone turns off while on the game it freezes and crashes, have these fixed and I'll be a happy person :) Meh Great game but there's a major issue with game auto-saving that's never been fixed. You can play for an hour, thinking that your progress is being saved, only to discover that nothing saved the entire time. Very frustrating as it ruins what is otherwise a fun little mobile game. Easily one of the best strategy games out there. Just as good as the PC version. Touchscreen can be a little difficult but I still enjoy it. Its ight ig I love it I've played 100+ hours and love it just hopping they add new scenarios such as ww1 or the cold War but love the game and its custom setting you can make your own civ or scenarios or even maps its pretty cool and goes into good detail there is a sandbox if you want to mess around or you can play the game normally on its good difficulty settings change fog of war settings or have eternal war on or if you wish to watch you can just go on spectator mode. It's an amazing game, but it needs updates. More new flag designs and scenarios. ive played this game for about 6 months now and i just want to say this game is awsome and worth the money, it could use improvement, itd be nice if there where more depth and a story board or message board for events but otherwise this game is great. Still a lot of bugs but overall a good game, hope you can fix the bugs! Edit: bugs fixed! Great game! update this game 5 stars "nuff said" This game is absolutely brill at first I hated it on the lite but realised how to actually take over places and then bought the full version and it's asking for a 1 person game at least I think 1 person made it but i know it's quite hard for one person but if you can please bring out multiplayer and this ge can probably become better the hearts of iron IV Its a great game but takes a few to understand mechanics but still good. The game still good but my games are no longer saving . I save but when I stop it restarts. Its needs to be fixed This game is well made, I enjoy the fact that it has a built in modding system where you can make your own nations and your own senarios. I've Cleared The Cache and Data for this game, i've alao uninstalled and reinstalled it and still when I start a scenario, it still crashes I have played this game a lot and if you are looking for a good strategy game for mobile this is a very good option. I wish there was a better system for moving troops over large areas, and also wish you could choose to play with a more historical or realistic AI that acted the way that the countries did in real life. Amazing! I can create my own civilizations! Not only does the game not open but your instrucrions on how you start it also dont work its a scam at first the game worked and now you messed it all up. i would like a refund but i would much rather prefer you fix the the game i dont care if i lose all my progress i just want to play the game. I have one suggestion for the game. Can you add some missiles It could be in the More menu. And your relations should be below 15. The Audio is gone pls help Great game but when creating senarios there should be the option to give a nation occupied states rather than just annexing also it would be cool if there was some sort of multiplayer It's pretty good. My only concern is lag. Definitely worth the purchase!!!!! Thanks whoever created the game. Great but needs ww1 For a game this cheap, AoC II is pretty good. Waste of money cant even move units and cant save games Amazing! Great game but big lack of new content don't give up on such a good project Hey Lukaz, I really like your game, you truly know how to give your audience what they want. I ask if you may be able to create a multiplayer function to the game however. UPDATE YOUR GAME - FIX YOUR BUGS - ADD MORE DETAIL TO MILITARY - ADD MORE FEATURES TO CORES UNIONS REBELLIONS AND DIPLOMACY - ADD NATURAL RECOURCES - ADD TRADE - STOP DOING NOTHING OR ANOUNCING NOTHING Interesting game But it's too easy to influence other civs with gold Had some issues with saving the game. Played until round 5000 and game is unable to save, just gets frozen when saving. This is highly frustrating as I have played this scenario for such a long time and am unable to progress now. Honestly not that great Can you fixed the bug in to economy and turn It's a beautiful game it just crashed alot and after a while the scale of the flags get huge so you cant even see the area. Yet amazing game Great time killer, sandbox experiance. Needs more scenarios! The greatest time waster I've ever played, and is a great strategy game Definitely worth the money Lots of Bugs and Malfunctions Excellent. Its a great game i love it but there is a grafical bug when you zoom in. At least for me and it makes the game almost unplayable Stuck in the tutorial. You get a message box that says the same thing as the game description and no instructions. Shouldve took into account the amount of phone power that mine does not have. Waste of 5 bucks This game is amazing for people who live war sim games has a editor to make your own scenarios and has their own premade scenarios Only downside it lacks consistent updates and missing key moments in history for example it has ww2 but not ww1 or discovery of the new world Learning curve, but a great startegy game. My only problems are that you cant reinforce armies in occupied land, and that when you're having a big peace conference with allies, some little useless country in your alliance will reject the deal. I can't describe how much I enjoy this game. Bad Vood Fun Sometimes can be a bit Glitchy it is a very complicated game that takes you awhile to learn. after you learn it, it is pretty fun. I have never ran into any glitches. one thing that takes away is the fact you cant import or make maps. the create tab is hard to learn. the game itself is very much based on politics, and if you don't like Hearts Of Iron, you wouldn't like this game. the gameplay is pretty balanced and quite impressive. I think that this game replaces the hearts of iron for mobile, and is a more complicated risk. That game is good, but there are lots of bugs, so that game's so easy to win and so boring. AI even on highest level play bad and AI in trades sucks. War for nothing? really? That's kinda cheat, I know that can work on the lowest level, but that's work on the highest level. That's confusing. This game have also more bug and the fix is need, but author do nothing. Maps are good but there really small number of scenarios, and yeah everyone can add own, but no everyone want to do it. Not worth it Good game, but it feels like it was abandoned. Please fix the bugs and make the UI a bit better if possible. I think this is the best strategy game you can get on mobile but I think it could also use a better multiplayer option and just more updates but o still the this is a great game 5 stars . Edit: update da fricken game 4 stars Awesome game indeed Game save bug prevents gameplay after a certain stage. With a fix, this game is 5 stars. Please update this game it's outdated Amazing yet it could use a wwI map please. The game literally won't load. It gets stuck at 99% then stops. I've tried clearing the game's cache and it's data, nothing works. :( Controls take some getting used to but besides that, awesome game. Once you get the hang of it, it will be enjoyable It's a great game, except it's a total crapshoot whether it saves or not. I've saved multiple turns in a row just to come back to find it all gone. Fun to play a couple hours at a time, but don't get invested. Hard to master for sure trash Needs a massive update!!!! Very buggy and having issues with zooming in and out!!!!! This is DEFINITELY worth the price. While there are some small problems, I think this is the best strategy game in the app store so far. It's let's you play as almost any nation, and engage in diplomacy. Yes, it'll take some time to learn the controls and it's very difficult to achieve world domination. But for a mobile game, I think it's pretty good. Great game, wish there was easier way to create new continents or different worlds whilst playing on Android, I'd love to make replica of westeros and essos Hey buddy its been awhile, ive been doing a bit of digging and i wanted to see if you were active. Doesnt look like it. Payed for your game and have been playing it for a long time and kinda butt hurt that i havent disvovered some saving grace. Maybe a small bug fix was under way but nope. Eat a pineapple d3v and then get heart cancer. Game is rigged. The AI armies magically triple in size whenever you attack. Dont waste your money. How about a ww I scenario? This game is good for the money. The game runs smooth and I can't find any game alike any better unfortunately the game hasn't had a update for a long time and some countrys won't spawn depending on your location. E.g I chose China and countrys in Europe and South America and North America didn't spawn and I find this disappointing because it seems a bit empty while I play. The map are realistic, and the troop system is VERY simple. I recommend this game for people who is searching for perfect strategy games out there its cool. needs alot more work honestly great game love it Nice I'm addicted :), but please work more on this game it has too much potential to be a popular game :( Wouldn't be lying if I said it was one of the best mobile games ever made. If you're expecting some generic Risk clone, you couldn't be further from the truth. The game lets you play how you want, there are so many options for warlike or peaceful playstyles. Also the editor is amazing. I loved AOC1 but would never expected the sheer amount of design options put in. Honestly download it, it'll suck your time but it's totally worth it. I've been looking for a mobile game like this for years. Thanks. lagging but good at rhe same time Bro it's getting close to a full year and you've done NO updates what so ever Love the game. Wish you had better communication with other countries. Best game, but dont bother to rule the world, the save will always be corrupted. Just needs to be a little easier to play So I changed it to 4 stars not because of performance, but because when you have multiple countries vs multiple countries, other countries will automatically claim territories in the peace terms. Make it a option to disable it or get rid of it completly please. But it is a good game. Graphics are decent for a grand strategy game , though I'd barley call it that. For a start wars unless they're really small are just unplayable , since you can't see enemy armies will they're attacking you or have already snuck round you, so you cannot prepare Great This game crashes not only everytime i want to play but it resets what i have been doing. terrible i cant believe that i got tricked out of my money paying for this trash!!!!!!!! Bugs bugs and bugs lovely game mate Not worth the money or time. The controls are horrible and freeze up.This has been an unpleasant experience since everyone I try to move my units they often won't. Don't waste your money. :( an amazing strategy 10000/10 is awesome this is a Perfect game with very interesting ways to play. Though I would like a soldier type like infantry, tanks, etc. and each being balanced to counter each other. The other Age of Civilizations I didn't like. But the 2nd one I did like. That is why I bought the full version. Update: I love the game I really do but it no longer updates and it got boring. I know this update won't change anything but yeah. Good game just needs update The game itself is pretty good, it just needs a few updates once in a while. Probably a good start for it would probably be adding a faster and more easier way for adding mods for mobile. Like at a button that goes to a website to get mods, I'm asking this because I got the game about the first week it was launched and I've been playing it so much that it gets boring sometimes. Either way the game is pretty cool because no game I've downloaded was like this before. Next to Total war ! I love this app Great game I love this game for its simple yet strategic gameplay and the huge variety of scenarios however I feel that I can only give the game 3 stars. This is because it's very unintuitive and difficult to get into and because it has many bugs. Also vassals and supplies need a rework as those features are just fustrating to try to use to my advantage. (eg. It's almost impossible to perform an effective encirclement as it takes such a long time for the enermy armies to die) Otherwise a fun game. the game crashes everytime i try to play it. it's fun though. Игра крутая была, а сейчас у меня какая-то ошибка "Game crashed while loading --loaded minimum scale of map --" исправте Good game with with a lot of detail It is an amazing game I love, but I have a request!! After playing for hours, am now unable to save the game, it crashes and a msg says memory is full ?!! My phone is new with 6 RAM. PLS HELP Good game but the events don't work. I have made events done everything that you need to do but they will just not fire. I mean, it looked cool, but it was laggy as heck, and It is too hard to figure out how to customize things, like adding a custom civilization to the world. Has a lot of bugs that are annoying,but good game. [Please update. I miss the games.] When this game originally came out I had stated that the controls were not very intuitive and that it was needlessly complicated for a phone Game but after re downloading it I can say I have no real complaint about it so far in fact I'd say it's what I had hoped for when I originally heard he was making a second game. it's exactly what i have been looking for, a game resembling EU4 or HOI4 and i found it, perfect Very buggy can't choose your own nations an d progress wipes out not worth your money I would give it a five star rating, BUT, it only works on 1 of my devices. On my tablet, it works as normal, 5 stars. Meanwhile, on my phone, (which I use quite often) it shows a black screen and nothing loads. I can hear the music and all, but is a permanent black screen. I'm not saying it's a waste of money, but I am getting bored as hell not being able to play this game on my phone. Please try and fix this! its fun i like the controls its easy to learn the graphics are good but i love some new units like a tank tech tree planes so you get to see them fight in the air by clicking something so you can look at the air battles Best war-strategy game out there.. I was looking for games like this forever, they did a great job on this Do not buy this game it's a rip-off I can't even get a refund from Google Play wasted a lot of money!!! There seems to be a glitch that completely removes the diplomacy from the game after enough turns. If it weren't for that and a few other glitches this game would be 5 stars. It’s a great game but on Android you can’t save it or go back there are way too many glitches and it isn’t fun if you have a low level of patience Cool :) 👌 Great game i recomend to anyone who wants to play or is in anyway intrested in war Very easy controls but hard to master as the games states, still a good game The closest game to hoi4 just maybe some new time zones Good game, lots of playable countries, and overall fun The game itself is really good but there is a MASSIVE problom. It takes like 3 minutes just to go to turn1to turn 2. So 90% of my gameplay is just waiting for the next turn.It got really annoying to play this game.Also when i stop waiting it sometimes goes to the next turn without me doing anything.This made me lose a bunch of wars againts other nations. Please make this stop. I CAN'T GET A REFUND? Pretty decent timewaster but it's not in-depth compared to most competitors. At least It lacks microtransactions. Every time i try to save the game it wont and the game just quits and it sometimes it just makes me leave the app with no warning please fix it i like this game a lot thank you. Great game but I don't want to type right now Please put in community made maps Developer doesn't even update the game Really good for a mobile Not going to lie, this game is pretty fun. To me at least. The reason I'm giving it only one star is because of how the developer has completely abandoned the game almost as soon as it came out. AoCII had hyped many people up for quite some time, including myself. I bought this game on steam the day it came out as well as on the Google play store. I would rate this 5 stars if the developer even made an attempt to fix the "great game" everyone was promised a few years back. Sorry Lukas only 1 star It's a really good game, but some stuff would need balancing in future games. So far it is really enjoyable and maybe add simpler map mode selections. Cant wait for Age of Civilization IV(i hope its like HOI4) Dumb glitches I don't need to know every single battle I swear I skip my turn half the time I lost so much sanity due to this game Great game, although a dozen of glitches should be fixed. If you pass over a turn 1000 then forgot about a smooth gameplay - memory problems on samsung s9. For me the biggest problem is that there is no technology advancement so trups moving with the same speed for a few centuries. Moreover regular soldier is all what you could get. If you build sufficient country you could acquire any land without a war - trade request. It's honestly the best war game other then hoi4. You should add more scenarios such as ww1, the cold war, the American revolution and the Yugoslav wars Would be better if it actually had historical AI and UPDATES It was a good game it had so much potential until the developer abandoned the game and stoped giving updates which riddled the game with glitches. Dont buy its just a waste of money it's a really good game but the leaders need to stick to their death dates and change whilst playing the game. I've played as Prussia until 1946 and has had the same who (in the real world) died in 1876 or something. What a great game. Online would make it so much better though. But one of my all time favs nonetheless. Harika A brilliant fusion of Age of Civilizations and something akin to EU4. Runs well until you end up with 250+ provinces when the income tab flat out stops working. Otherwise its very self customisable and retains the simplistic numbers based combat from the first game with more intricate province development and colonisation. My only other annoyances with the games include the game breaking when you try and have all 1000+ civs active on a random map and allies dragging you into not finishing a war. Cool Very buggy and couldn't understand it. I was an island in the South Pacific and it seemed like I couldn't do anything. One of the best game I have ever play. You should add a raiding option for tribes would be cool. But keep up the good work. I love it but it's bugs and lack of tactics makes it boring Hasn't been updated for a long time. Love the game loads but have more years like WW1 or the Cold War would be fun to mess around in Terrible ui for a phone. OnePlus 5t can run the game but it is clearly not ment to be played on. Your phone. Will try tablet next maybe then I can read/hit the buttons Miles better than first Fantastic mobile game, but it is a mediocre game as a whole. As someone who owns this game twice, I feel like am in a place where can suggest a world war 1 scenario. Along with everyone else. Please. I will cry if I don't see daddy Wilhelm. I have played this game for a few months now and compared to the first game it can seem pretty complex. But once you get out of what I'd call the learning phase this game becomes something comparable to a game like hoi4 but without the difficulty to pick up and play. I would really like it If lucas improved the create your own civilization system and add the ability to rotate overlays and customize friendly and enemy civilizations straight from the create your own civilization section.Great game A wonderful TBS game. Very addicting at times, and the price is very reasonable. Though with no updates in almost a year I'm losing hope. This is the only decent strategy game for mobile out there. The only bugs that I've come across is sometimes my units transform into allied nations units or at times just entirely vanish. Until we get a AoC III or a update, it's 'meh.' If your looking to crunch that strategy addiction, have a few bucks to spare, and don't mind a few bugs, buy this. I love the game but Its been crashing and laging me out and I had to start over my conquest because it keeps kicking me out the game and I wish I had more control over my vassal(Puppet Country):( Super fun game. But some things seem to be off. Finally a mobile game that gives me my civ simulation fix. Terrible! Do not get this app. It doesn't work as constantly crashing. amazing time killer thank you but the game needs update it has been a year since last update I did not like it, WHY CANT I REFUND IT Dropping my 5 stars to a 1 star until you start updating the game again Please make multiplayer like with friends I love this game An unfortunately underdeveloped game riddled with glitches. Have played for several weeks at a time in the same game without major issues, only to have it suddenly forget that I ever played at all. As it hasn't been updated in almost a year, it's probably never going to be fixed. Could be great, but it isn't. Good game... Just the buggy UI that lets it down. Why can I only play 2 scenarios ancient Greece and others won't show up amazing One of the best stratagey games out there for mobile it has so much potential however, it suffers from a major save game bug that ends up making the game unplayable after around 150+ turns and has sadly been abandoned by the developer such a shame... Love this game I thought it didn't save my game but I was just being stupid. Brilliant game. However, there appears to be a bug that enlarges all the icons so that the game is unplayable, and it says map scale set to minimum because it crashed even though it was already minimum scale. AMAZING Great game with all the mechanics but if I keep playing the game for multiple days in a row it will just stop at the 99% and not load. Please fix. Keeps crashing after loading, if I get help with this I can change my rating 😐😑 Unbelievable but crashes my phone The AI is very trash they do nothing It was extremely fun, up until it started to become unplayable after turn 330. Also, I became unable to change turns or.. basically do anything even when I started a new game. I dunno what was wrong.. I just couldn't play it anymore. Maybe you can fix that. Excellent game. But not easy to play for everyone. Need to appreciate artificial intelligence used in this game. You can play when ever you have free time, u don't need to worry someone might occupy your country when you offline. Not much help info available in online or in-game , it takes some time to understand what you need to do for each index of your country. It's really sad they have abandoned this game, it could have been something else... The game is a realistic game, but it could use things such as units Very buggy when reaching late game, have not been updated with bug fixes for over a year Crashes too much. Great game, but works better on a pc/laptop. Great game played for hours Cool and epic 👌 I just think it's a little dumb how you have to capture every single province to completely quell another country. super hard to play. when you zoom too far in, you just can't see anything. the ui needs seriously improved. I will entirely give 5 stars if i could actually see the troops on the ground level. don't even get me started on the ui in the hre.... good game non the less, just please update the ui. Imagine if we had the option of winning by conquering the other nations capital for a certain amount of time that would be a very interesting mode to play. I've spent so many hours on this game, wasn't worth the wait but it's still fun It's ok, not 5$ worth but whatever. It's really fun but hard to understand Really good but needs improvement like the correct population of country's and can you add like nuke bases in modern world instead of castles Only in modern world. I love this game!!!! Computer game put onto phones which cant handle it without having immense lag. Needs a feature allowing mobile users to download user made scenarios. Great Game, too bad the creator abandoned it. It had so much potenial to become mobile HOI4 Good Like the game but I think there should be more scenarios. I would rate 5 if there were more scenarios and more diplomacy but overall I think it's a great game! Good work Too buggy. Needs updates asap Great game sometimes the unit numbers glitch so when you are playing on a map with 4 thousand or so provinces and and you are attacking smaller ones it can get really hard to see where the provinces are. Somtimes it fixes it self Fun game but the computer cheats waaaaay too much. When I'm a nation with 58 regions and I can't take a nation with 4 regions, two of which I occupy, because they some how always manage to have juuuuuust a few more people to defend than I have it gets really frustrating. Rough Keeps crashing hard to to control It's like civ and risk Good game but bugs related to map size Have new scenario please Amazing game, but please update more often...😒 Love the game. Very nice Awesome! I like this game quite a lot maily bcs its something like eu4 or hoi 4 for mobile but in modern world scenario its Very slow in First 4 round thats why 4* Very good Very interesting. I can clearly see this game has been influenced by Paradox's Grand Strategy games like EU4 or VIC 2. The controls are a bit tricky tho, not all the stuff can fit into screen. Overall, a good game. Feels like something is off. Having to constantly fend of rebel factions is tiring after a while and most other nations just sit there and do nothing the whole game, waiting to be conquered. Would love a game that plays like Age of Civ 1 but the map size and detail of this one :) It's fun in general, but if at least some of the bugs were fixed this game would be better. I get to conquer europe as albania 9/11 I love the game but I wish there was a way to simplify how to make your own senieros and more military aspects like air craft and upgrading through the years and have like world events like when a historical event happens great you should add ww1 and cold war and maybe around seven years war the 99% glitch is back it is fixed when I reinstalled civ 2 but all my saves and maps I made are deleted pls fix Doesn't work. One man developer amazing job great game This game is amazing it is fun and it is cool. The way you can pick your country and pass and play with other real life people. But the one thing is my save keep on disappearing all the time, The controls are way to complicated, the sensitivity is extremely high and I dont know how to change it. It wont let me play as a specific country that I want to play as. This game is nothing like the first one Extremely glitchly. Accidentally minimized the screen once and the program was permanently broke from that point on. It wouldn't boot. Awesome. Game. I was looking all over the place for a game that you could conquer the entire world with other players/AI. I played his original version of this game and the lite version and I was very excited when it went on sale and I could purchase it!!! Would recommend to anyone who has $5 in their Google play account. Itsa good game needs some work on afew bugs but other that that i love it... could use a WW1 scenario tho please correct the application, especially in the creators section of the map of Indonesia Hard to understand but a great game and time killer. Great game takes awhile to upload and can be lagggy but it's a great game Best game I've played in a long time It is good but whenever I save it says it is saved but when I come back it isn't. This only happens about 2400 turns in though Honestly wouldn't recommend downloading this. I've experienced nothing but constant bugs and issues with the game. The tutorial teaches you very little of the gameplah and focuses mostly on the UI. When playing faction flags are always in the way which makes selecting troops or provinces difficult, plus the graphics appear very pixelated when zooming in I love it The gameplay is amazing, people are complaining about bugs but I haven't had any problems with them. Good game Almost perfect for a mobile game but the editor is a little messy If you liked the 1st one you will like the 2nd better. Been playing countless hours on this game. I've experienced very few bugs, and honestly I still just can't comprehend how ONE PERSON made such a great app. I like the game on computer but when I run it on my phone it just crashes and then when I do the instructions it crashes before it can complete! Do not get if your using a phone I would like to leave 5 stars but everytime i load a save game it starts at the same point no matter how long i play no matter how often i save it rolls back to the first auto save this makes the game pretty much unplayable as i have to keep replaying the same moves over and over and in the end it doesnt save anyway Lukasz, Amazing Game but please enable the horizontal screen rotation on android! Best Strategy game Great game, it is just an eu4 clone, but eu 4 is not a mobile game so its fine 9 hours on map editor gone... I want a refund on this game Great Bad game TBH. So called "Strategy" is running around with a doom stack and hoping that yours is bigger than theirs. Also, no WW1 scenario. Good Is their going to be an update at any point? Many glitches The most rediculous thing about this game is if you actually play it and make real progress it doesnt save. Good game, unfortunately it's crashes far too frequently... Also it doesn't save your game when you ask it to! I could really enjoy this game if it wasn't for all the wasted time playing and then having to restart the next time I open it!!! Needs alot of work before it lives up to the hype! Extremly addictive! Your a creative genius and the game is perfect . I am experiencing a small bug for my country options and im sure its a easy fix but other then that we need to fund this guy for more games 😂 Incompatible, akward, grossly disappointing. Great game Great game Little complicated at first but it doesnt take too long to get a hang of it there's a bug that make the grafic damaged, every time that this bug appears i must reinstall the game, please correct it and add first world. absolutely amazing game, worth the money, endless hours of strategy and twists and turns Great game The game is good it's just when you form a union with a nation that is at war and is losing land you form a union but the left over land that is currently being occupied by the enemy nation you aren't at war with them but the nation you formed a union with is still a independent nation that is fighting when its suppose to be your land and you must take it back. Borderline unplayable as it is now. Youll start a game, get 1000 turns in..then your diplomacy and next turn buttons srope working. Which requires you to exit out of the app, start a new gane and click next turn. Just so it will work on your other save. Fix your damn game. I payed money for this. I've been playing this game for at least a month, it has a major bug I just found today: I'll go to load up a save it will take me back to the main menu I'll try to load the save again and it works however when I try to go the the next turn it won't do anything Awesome Please add Milli try staff like Infantry, tanks, artillery, jets, bombers, paratroopers, ships, destroyers, aircraft carriers, submarines etc... Make it like Heart of Iron 4... Or otherwise this game will sucks like always... Gets boring after a certain amount of time (a couple of minutes)... Love playing this game. This is a very well made strategy game that offers a lot of creative ability. For it's platform niche this game is definitely worth the money. I look forward to more work from the author. I only wish there were a few more preset time period scenarios. The Mesopotamian time period. Pre-Roman Europe/Rise of Rome. Mongolian Expansion. Etc. In depth Persian Dynasty scenario. Etc. Just to name a few. Overall I thoroughly enjoyed what the game has. The game is fun to play for a while the problem is that it is so buggy I would go in detail of the bugs but so many others have done that . If the developer can fix the bugs I will change my 2 star to a 3 or 4 star review. Edit: since there has been no updates or anything from the Dev, I believe this was just a stupid cash grab Great gameplay! However, I must say that during battles, which are highly predictable and technology statistics that are all over the place, the game is not entirely perfect. However, the creativity makes up for some of it. My favorite game on my phone. There are so many possibilities and scenarios, even your own scenarios. If you love strategy this is the game for you. good game but add multiplayer Buggy as all hell once the buttons wont press other times all scenarios are broken anf unable to load This game is very fun when i start playing it....but now it keep crashing....please fix this...u guys deserve 5 stars if not because of this crash problem The Game is great, but there is one major bug I really hate, there is no music and i have not done any changes to the settings. Also, can you add better AI similar to HOI 4 where they can change their goverments more commonly and adjust borders better. Finnally can u add an orthographic map mode to the game? Worth every cent Actually this is a real strategy game Better than AOC 1 it's addictive game It's hard even if you choose medium hahaha But, the way of victory isn't cleare Didn't like age of civilization Asia Victory is conquer all land or gather all nation Please find a way to fix it I play it entire week, at the end, I'm the only nation but still not victory Also you can not really create a new leader Please fix, or I'll rate this game with two star The game is hands down one of the best on the google play app. However, i have been experiencing a problem. Whenever i start the app, it crashes. Then when i go to switch to x6 earth, it crashes again. Please fix this problem. Otherwise the game is amazing. It's a great game, the best optimized for the phone. I enjoy it and spend a lot of time on it. Good job! Autosave makes the game unplayable. Developer is MIA. No refund. The only thing that disappointed me was trying to control this with a Galaxy note 9. This game would be great on a 10 inch tablet. But on a phone or text is too tiny and too hard. The UI needs much more work for proper scaling to. Bugs bugs bugs Great Its an interesting game, and could be great, but needs a lot of work. At times it works fine. But now after playing for several turns, its getting really buggy and wont go to next turn. It freaks out when i try to look at other countrues and certain buttons arent working. I dont know whats going on with the game but they need to fix some of the opporating issues. The game is fun, but recently it hasn't loaded pass 99%. Please fix this. I will keep this review updated. I last checked this August 24th 2019. Also, a response of some sort would be nice, I emailed the creator of the game a while back and nothing. Amazing game EXCEPT that i cant save the game for some reason it keeps on telling me that the game will save in the next turn but it doesnt and the message stays and doesnt go away. And when i leave the game after it supposedly "saves" it doesnt and it doeznt let me continue the game. I was playing a game as byzantine and i was at turn 255 and after i saved it and logged off it it didnt let me continue is there a way i can get my data back like going to files or something please Excellent mate it is all the paradox games in one although it would be great if you could take a couple of pages out of their book an add things like historic AI or being able to marry others royal families or being able to tax the rich/middle class/poor. I know you are just one guy but if you could add these things into the game in the next few months then it would make me very happy Thx man The game was good and fun my only problem is its laggy and few bugs and when you zoom out it will lag pls update and pls ad d more games so i can play alot of things on this game thx you I'm getting tired of losing all my progress when I minimize the app or turn my screen off. It's getting VERY OLD. Are you going to try to fix this? Its gud. Very fun expecily if you lve history or haets of iron or any game like it 😉 Prefer the original Its cool but the buttons are so tiny. Not good for playing on phones Awesome game It dose not let me play.Im on tablet Love this game worth the money i love thes game Can't believe I paid for this. Bug after bug after bug needs more scenarios and map editing must be added for mobile! good game, but it's not updated often. its been over 6 since the last update and I'll update my rating accordingly. also the micromanagement in this game is atrocious. I hate how every goddamn unit I move takes so long. It would be amazing if the game could come up with a front line system or at least a push system like goddamn Excellent game and all around great improvements and additions over the first game. I'm really impressed with what you have made and it is vastly superior to any other mobile grand strategy games. the same simplicity but deeper, happy to have paid the money for it and happy to have another turn :---) It's a fun game, just needs a lot of patching. Best strategy game ever on Android. Thanks for this awesome game Lukas. I really appreciated a lot. God bless you! good Its entertaining enough but good luck getting through half a game before it compeltely glitches out and crashes, not worth buying unless the developer fixes thr numerous bugs Broken crashed on load it is a good game but sucks on mobile it's an amazing experience to play this game, a lot of additional stuff would make it more great like for example you could appoint someone like a duke or a count for a certain place and i think dying and having an heir would be a good addition too. It crashes sometimes but overall 4.98 starts ✌️ bug where you cant look at diplomacy and skip turn i would have given this game a 5 star but please could you add an assimilate state button so I don't have to press every province to assimilate it ok game good game it was akward to lern at first but after a while it became second nature I think it is wonderful, best strategy game I've ever played, I think you should add a mechanic to where you can send troops to support a country without getting involved in the war To say the least, the game desperately needs some updates. The developer has turned his community against him and cannot adhere to any criticism. He pretty much abandoned the game. Its a shame because the game had so much potential, but was ruined by bugs and an egotistical developer. i dont understand how it works the ai shouldnt be able to randomly war you doesn't even start to on my phone Amazing game, provinces are amazing and represent different time eras! great game overall. when will the new update come The game is fun. No complaints there. But after awhile the nect turn button. Simply doesnt work anymore. I press the button. No response. And sometimes pressing diplomacy and a nation glitches things out. So the game is unplayable for me right now after conquering a province why does the captured state keep offering peace when I conquered it already it is very annoying to reject these pop ups great game takes a lot of time to master don't download it... loved it... game needs updates but it is abandoned.... no any updates I have purchased this across all platforms I cannot rate it highly enough. it's a green that I've spent many many hours playing already The game is really good in my opinion and Im enjoying it so far. I waited for it long,definetely worth it ! Add WW1, please? Truly flawless. however, i suggest an auto renaming of any colonies i set up. so if i conquer Canada as france, I'd like to see the name appear as, "french canada" or "british india'' when i play as United kingdom. love the game ty so much. <3 great idea and game, but the controls dont work well and it's just a fight of who has larger armies and has been pretty much abandoned I recommend this game. There Is A Gitch in the game tell me how to fix it instant crashes dont bother it's a great game but after a little bit the provinces glitch out it doesnt load my on my phone the game is awsome verry complicated and verry interesant inteligent constructed. edit: sadly is destroyed by bugs...... There are only two scenarios which are available. How can I get other scenarios? Moreover, the other game mode which is not scenario mode is not playable. After I start this mode, the game will suddenly stop. Please fix it immediately. i like sandbox mode when its ready :P 😎😎😎😎😎😎 is better but game loading so slow i dont konw why maybe you should fix game later fun but you need to fix your game bro. the part where you have to randomly assimilate your own territory you have always had is BS. everything about it is bro this is pretty good game but the loading bug also there is now a glitch that somehow the new world tribes go to like .18 to 2.0 in 100 turns This. is. Absolutely. WONDERFUL. This game is considerably better than World Conqueror as it has proper provinces, a proper set of tools for running a nation, and has realistic events like the plague and the inflation of nations at a specific point. The AI is okay, as it often has the infamous small stacks of units that conquer provinces with much ease. Nonetheless, this game is worth your time and a good bang for your buck. This has been handcrafted by only one person, Lukas the dev himself. its a very good game but there is a problem when i click saved and its says that the game is saved after that i will exist the game and comeback and when i look it brings me way back even though i saved the game i still lose my current progress but this is when im close to get colonization. Nice game.. add events to scenarios and even more scenarios by yourself.. maybe official tutorial on your channel how to add mods.. it would be really usefull great The donlowad more maps button wont work and add Online Dude I really like this game and I have days put into a rome world conquest (which is gone because of a new phone =[ ) but there are many things wrong with it.One, the vassals are derpy because they reject peace treaties if you dont give then anything and two,there is no naval mechanics and because it's been over 7 months since the last update I think this one man army abandoned this game...even though it is really good...but with flaws. beautiful great game, a lot has improved since the first one, wish there were more scenarios and ancient countries added in, also a more in depth diplomacy system such as changing alliances in the middle of the game, also improve custom events and to make it easier to increase development for a country when making a custom scenario other than that very fun to play Good gamez although there is sometimes a bug where the map gets all zoomed in and fuzzy. I wish there were more scenarios, and I also wish some of the scenarios wherr more accurate please update.. I'd like to point out that some provinces in the game have 100% growth. Those provinces are also deserts. Please fix. Other than that, great game. I look forward to see new scenarios added, particularly the Cold War. Best political/strategy game out there. I would highly recommend it! The Best thing I found in here. Just too much to count the good stuff this game has. Truly Amazing. i've been searching for a turn based game that has its diplomacy options, economic options, technological options and population options. And this game is the best. it suits my dream game EVER!!! December 20 is the last update, I am wondering when will be the next update to be release. add scenarios like, COLD WAR and WW1. And also Korean and Vietnam War plssss and there is a bug when building economy. Building economy is very exhausting and time consuming. Please Update I Love This Game And I Really Want New Content Won't work. Black screen on intro with intro music. Unfortunately, it's too late for me to get refunded. Awesome! There's only 2 things I would change: 1st, the wars. The only reason wars happen are because of relations or being called into a war by an ally. Please have more reasons for war to be declared like ideologies fighting for dominace (civil wars, basically) or other countries supporting a war with troops. 2nd, how alliances form. Right now alliances form because of strength and relations. I wanna see a bunch of countries fighting the same country/faction become allies. Great game. 👍 APP NEEDS BUG FIXES NOW! We paid money for this app and its buggy with a 99% load bug that forces you to uninstall and reinstall. THIS MEANS YOU LOSE ANY PLAYTHROUGHS OR SCENARIOS YOU HAD. This developer has effectively abandoned this game and refuses to fix the glaring issues. Sadly, we should have seen this coming after how they handled aoc europe. Never supporting this creator again. I really enjoy this game but it have a few problems. Any time you reload the game all the capitals you gained get the capital star instead of just a city dot and it is annoying. Another thing is that there is no pause menu to pause and save your game. Furthermore, the game bugs out in the 1000 to 2000 turn set up which is not really that far in. I want to like this game but it is broken at that range. if fixed, I would probably give 4 to 5 stars. pretty cool, but i wish you could choose to annex countries or change ideologies for them, etc. I love the game, its really fun. I would like to see some more game modes though. Pretty damm good Very good game, occasional issues, but very good overall. Love the history and the scenarios. so much worse than the original, names and flags are too large, i cant see what im attacking and scaling things down makes little difference I really like this game however there are bugs that need to be fixed. The main thing you need to know is YOU WILL BECOME ADDICTED. I am warning you from now, you will get addicted from this game if you enjoy this type of games. Hey I looove your game I hope if you get the chance you should ad Nuclear Weapons in the game but have restrictions of course. not many bugs I could find but the ones i could find were minor like cities not showing and province borders not showing up but thats it. Gameplay Its pretty fun controls at firsr were meh but after learning after a little the game was AWESOME. Reformed the soviet union 3 times(because losing and winning wars) then conquered the entire world in the name of Joseph Stalin good game need more maps Great strategy based historical game awsome done put days of my life into this game🤪🤪🤪 really good like the experience Its amazing The best strategic game on Mobile. Really Nice job Lukas Jakowski Played for a few minutes before I could take the bugs. Couldn't consistently zoom in, and when it would it always zoom to the same place not where i was attempting to do so. o jogo é muito bom, mas o problema é que ele tá começando a não salvar, pelo menos no mapa de 1440 e de 1200, a cada 4 rodadas que eu termino o jogo não salva, assim tenho que reiniciar o meu progresso até o último save, arrumem isso por favor e façam com que esse jogo continue sendo uma obra de arte this game is wonderfull but a few things are missing, one big one is a WW1 Scenario. what would also be nice is rebels based on ideology that you could support at any time and a cold war scenario. Creator pretty much abandoned this game at this point good It's great and my favorite android game, but I have a suggestion. Every time I make a vassal get into a war they don't accept my terms untill the country that I tool over is 100 percent wiped off the map. Can you fix that? i love the game, very hard at first but at the long run. everything becomes easy. i wish there are more maps or scenario available. like world war 1, the cold war. even game of thrones and lord of the rings. a lot of people are doing that. please add More scenarios and other maps like game of thrones and lord of the rings best game ever It good This is a fun game to play when it works but there are a couple of serious game breaking bugs and hidden things that will kill the entire experience when you get them. My first caused the screen to go crazy when I opened the menus and I had to reinstall the app to fix it and when I did I lost 2 (300 to 700 turn) saved campaigns and lost about 400 turns on another. My second one just killed a campaign by making my relations all stay locked at 0 and I could see every army in every province. This game is so good. But developer, you need to listen to the reviews because sometimes this feels like an unfinished game. In my personal experience, I need to be careful of pushing the income mapmode, because it crashes the game 100%. Fix your game please. DO NOT BUY! Developer has abandoned project, and it is still loaded with bugs that destroy weeks or months of long games. So disappointing. I liked the original, and loved the complexity of this one, but months of my game (2000 turns in) were destroyed by multiple bugs, destroying economic growth and making diplomacy impossible. Very fun it's a good game overall but it's SO SLOW something to know is that theres a lot of glitches here. Maybe this game only has these kinds of problems on devices like mine, but whenever casualties in a war can reach 100k in one attack when the game only shows 1500 troops, whenever diplomacy becomes 0 on almost all countries, and you cant change that, whenever the economy on a couple of provinces becomes unchangable and remains 99, theres a few more but thats the gist of what may happen on your device if it isnt strong enough. great game! I've spent hours playing! best game ever this is so cool because you can make your own country and senario this is awsome and worth it i cant click any of the buttons because they are really small the game is tedious and the interface is fiddly Great concept, but SO MANY problems. It restarts if you leave the app, the zoom function is terrible, and it runs slowly just to name a few. I liked it but i want more Scnioros Its a great game but one feature i think would make it better is if you cpyld download and play maps other people made this would make the game better in my opinion if you read this thank you and please gove me ypur thoughts on this :). Edit: I read some of the other reviews and theor seems to be some bugs still 5 stars but i hope you fix them if their still an issue to the players who wrote those reviews. This is one of the most addicting game I've ever played however the is game plagued with crash which ruins the game and sometimes forces you to start a new campaign. Hi! This app works great but since my google chromebook update, this app does not work now. Is it because the app is no longer compatiable to this update? This is the current update. Does anyone know why it is not working? Version 75.0.3770.102 (Official Build) good game very detailed but definitely a little confusing at first, seems to have bugs with saving game data that i wish would be fixed. It would be really cool if you could have military and naval strength be technologies you could upgrade. It would also be cool if you could assign generals or commanders to forces to help give units an attack or defense bonus it's good SUCKED a lot Its a great game, but the bugs like the game not starting when you ask it to or When you use move too it moves one province or How you can loose hours of work on this game. The game is still great tho. Broken UI, really annoying that the back button does not work when exiting menus and the UI text is way too small. The game is so broken i couldn't even play a single game thanks to the UI. i want update I enjoy this game greatly. However after having a 7 hour game reuniting the british isles the game crashed and was unable to load the game up. After a few tests it appears that each time the app is closed any and all save data is removed. it is such a shame as its one of the few in depth stratagy game yet it flaw in optimization lets it down greatly. Update this Pretty good game. Can you add a world war one setting? honestly, its an amazing game. but i would love to have more options in the scenario menu. Tried playing in America. All of the tribes surrounding me start increasing their tech by .1 per turn before 1450 while it takes me 20 turns to get 0.01. It's really frustrating and it seems impossible. I think it's a bug or I just don't understand. Fantastic Features great war,diplomacy, and government mechanics . it also has a scenario maker which adds so much replayability. Please fix some bugs that really annoying, great game can you plz add up the nations that we make in the computer version in this version it has crash more time than i hve played I WHAT MY MONEY BACK Its amazing but you need to fix the slowness of the custom maps we can make and also you could add a new feature where we can fire nuclear weapons nice future map in 2030 Great game, probably one of the best mobile strategy games out there. Only thing is optimization, game can crash after 1000 turns and lagging from point to point but that's about the only complaint I have. Maybe adding a few other variables when attacking as it can get repetive but apart from that it's an excellent game. yeah its a good game but i get upset about a glitch where it just keeps saying your game will be saved in the next turn but it never is i hope its fixed My opinion is the you probably never have to look for a new strategy because this has everything you need in a strategy game. Now it does have something's missing in it, and it can take some time to learn how it works and plays, that also means the controls too. And my opinion is mostly for on moble, it does probably has some games on PC that it runs against but on moble theres no other game on moble that can stand close to these amazing game that was made by one person and That's cool. One of the best strategy games on Android. Graphics were heavily improved from the original, plus the music and sounds are fantastic as well. Controls are easy to learn, and there are only a few bugs that I've noticed, though do keep in mind that this is a relatively new game. good game but it keeps crashing needs fixing awesome games love scenarios keep up good work man I really loved the first installation and the other specific continental games. While lacking hardcore strategy, the game offers enough for someone to feel engaged. and for a geography nerd like myself, it does more than enough to help keep your geographical knowledge on par. Civilizations can be a little finicky and ming is beyond overpowered towards the beginning, but I'm sure things could be optimized in future updates. Overall the game is interesting and engaging and should entertain anyone. Its a very complex game that has been made very well. I have found an issue in both the lite version and this version of the game though. I saved my game then proceded to exit the game. When I came back to the save file, I could no longer progress to the next turn. I could also no longer build any buildings. I could do almost everything else, but since I could no longer go to the next turn, my game grew stagnent. This was on my best save file too so I hope this can be fixed. I have an issue with the frame rate, however, this is a great game! its a bit laggy for certain things but an amazing game you should be able to.more buildings and should be able to change more ways of hiring troops rather than just conscripts great gane for someone who enjoys strategy The game is pretty well made but it is very laggy and can crash a lot. Best game lmao just bought it and the premise is a good idea but the hole thing is trash. I've never been so disappointed with any game so much other than this one. Love it great game with lots of different outcome but i think it could use some other types of troops like tanks and warships as well as a WW1 scenario I like the game but after a couple months of playing the game decided to just not load up at all.... So i physically can't play the game anymore. I guess i could say it was nice while it lasted... The game is really good. But even playing hardcore as a tribe is pretty easy. please make the game harder THE BEST TIME KILLER, totally worth it. If u have enough money, just buy it. Is this game still being developed? we expected a slightly polished version of the original. you delivered one of the greatest turnbased strategies of all time. 11/10 Great Game Just a Couple bugs and also could u add a Ww1 Scenario Froze my phone when I tried to open the app. Tooooo buggy. Crash randomly and doesnt save even though button used for some worlds for no reason. I was nice to give good rating cuz i love the game but u got to fix it!!! it's a pretty good game. I'd describe it as HOI 4 with cheats on. it would be great if I can give multiable units orders by selecting them all. that would make me give it 5 stars good game overall just fun and entertaining i just wish it was updated more Great one of the best games out there but one small thing my leader wont excede +25% This is a very addictive game! Some things to fix: The scaling of the map. It gets screwed up sometimes. Big Improvement from the original. Great game, can't save. Love the game and balance, but can't save the game, making it pointless. Please fix. love the actual game but can you update it i think there is a bug in it it doesnt save progress after a certain save everytime i play and if the screen goes off sometimes the game crashes and i have to start all over. PLEASE UPDATE great game, but the crashing will definitely discourage. especially when you are well off in the game and it doesn't save. love everything else but the crashing has got to go fttr I absolutely love this game one problem is sometimes i can only move units one province at a time a way to have differnt types of units eg navy airforce paratroopers maybe would be nice just to change it up and through some more strategy at the game fun its the best game ive ever played and i hope there is more to come. I really enjoyed this game! Definitely will reccomend to my friends! best grand strategy game on android It's just awesome u can do everything just sometimes it crashes when it's loading Mr Dev thanks for the game and plz fix that damn crashing Amazing Game love this one and the First. My only gripes are that the combat is mainly hinged upon the size of your army vs the size of the opponents. A more advanced combat system would add more depth to the gameplay. I also think the game would benefit from a turtorial or guide. I just find it way too complicated to even simply start a game. nothing like the originals. pretty let down. Great! amazing game. it is definitely the best game I have on my phone. it is very fun to play when I have nothing to do. what would be cool is if you added a map of tamriel from the elder scrolls Plz Make more scenarios plz world war I ????? great, but I had a few problems like one of my games crashing and becoming unplayable, and troops from an ally being converted into enemy troops and when I form an union, small amounts of troops (60-80) can no longer even be used this is a great game, when will you update it next? also will you add World War 1 (The Great War)? the gameplay is the same as the last game but that's why I loved the last one. I love the option to make colonies and new countries as you like. hope for some more good games in the future I love this game but deep in the game it won't save properly. Three different Nations have stopped saving once the empire gets large. This is very frustrating as it happens just when you are looking to play on a large scale after putting in so much time. This is a five star game that is currently ruined because I can't play it all the way through. I've seen numerous people mention this in the comments but it still hasn't been fixed. good game but im sick of the bugs everytime i try to start a new game or load a save the screen gets dark and starts flashing i cant even play anymore ill change my review when the bugs get fixed Wonderful game, fun to play just dont dare to switch off your screen or else your phone is pretty much dead, System UI or what ever collapses, you had luck if it still works when the screen is switched on again and saved games dont work... i dont think its a problem with my phone as its working fine so yeah idk mate maybe wanna fix it Well like the other reviews here the save button is glitched out and causes progress loss. Normally that wouldn't be a big deal but this game takes micromanagment to a whole new level. While I love the details and replayablity, having to pacify rebels can make you go bankrupt. Needless to say that since there are so many provinces( I'm trying to make a Unified Communist African Empire in colonial times) its dang near impossible to take even one continent EVEN ON SANDBOX MODE. There is just too much going on at one time for you to accuratly move resources and troops across and continent...though I'll admit I only play on hard mode. Overall its a great game much better than the last installments and well worth the price. I just hope some type of detailed tutorial is added in the near future Ive been following the develpment on twitter since 2017 and all I can say is that it was well worth it (Ive had it since it was relesed) The best strategy game I have ever played. This game is the one of the greatest Mobile strategy game, this game is the mix of HOI4 and Victoria II which are the best games ever. This game is the best, 100% recommended Its in chinese and i dont understand it yee... good game i just lost 200 turns after quadruple checking my saves. Background apps dont work when the game is playing either, so say bye to snapchat notifications or your messenger tab. Good gameplay, but could use some more work. awesome game. Add ww1 Super great game but not enough turns Somtimes I just like becoming a regional power instead of total domination also Best strategy game on mobile! i love it, but i want to fons sandbox mode its good Can't load, can't exit to main menu without closing and restarting , don't enjoy the scenarios. Shame I enjoyed all of the older games glichy as hell buy the first one instand great game a good game looks like hoi4 but better,but........ pls add in a WW1 era in 1900 plz if you do i will keep playing more and more daily good game, lack of units I hate it because I spent a lot of money on this game and it doesn't work because I never get turns ana has a lot of bugs cool game Hands down one of the best games on Google Play, very well thought out economy and ecosystem. Unfortunately game saved after a bad game launch and saved and now no longer passes turns, really sucks since we dont have enough control over saves, needs slots. Needs to implement more ideas from Europa Universalis lol... When will there be a new update, if so, probably add new military options, like missiles, tanks, etc. Could there also be a map to select the provinces you want to build stuff on? because it takes a long time to actually build in all my provinces terrible game I want refund unless he fix bugs and make the game faster, , playing on Android tablet loved it I paid for age of civilizations 1 and it was a pretty unique game but it had some very obvious flaws. When I saw age of civilizations 2 I was a bit unsure about purchasing it. Then I saw videos of what it could do and I can tell you It is worth every penny. The world has many new territories and there's many different time periods to play in. but if there is something missing that you would like to see, you can make it yourself. The developers put a lot of effort in this. I really reccomend it!! The game need to be update, the Border between Canada and USA are wrong, please Jakowski update the game please!! And upload a tutorial that I can possibly add leader picture in leader editor! Fun and simple, a really great game, however I can't load saves without it loading a really old one, and I had a glitch where I couldn't do peace negotiations. Also, I get having few updates, but some minor bug fixes here and there or new scenarios would be appreciated. Good, but needs to be polished. I feel Its a great game for mobile and I don't really have many problems,the only thing is its a little laggy zooming out And i feel it's not that bad, it would've able to fix easy. kinda like heart of Iron, love it A superb strategy game for your phone too much bugs i love the game one of best on the market just wish it would be updated with a world war 1 addition that woullf make the game alot more enjoyable 4/5 I have been waiting for this game for 1 year and i think it was worth the wait l love this game and could you make the game stop crashing every time i log in the best nice Apk Ancient... please update I love the game but most of the time while loading, the game crashes. Please notice this. I love it but I highly wish there would be regular updates with more scenarios. I've pretty much played everything I can think of. Apart from that amazing game. Cant wait to see what's next it's a greate game fun and addictive until you hit the bug of not being able to save... it becomes unplayable.. I hope they fix this bug this game sometimes won't save my game perfect I love it! if only you add a few scenarios like WW1, Cold war etc. pretty good excellent game fully addicted really fun i wish it was on ios though also could you make troops more in depth also could you make Rhodisia a formable nation I played the first one for years and I went to the store as soon as possible to get it when it came out, it was buggy and laggy at first but you just have to give it time, a lot of bugs I had are being worked out and he's not even near done with the game so keep buying it and keep updating it. Your Det shouldent move into others games can you plase fix this BEST EVER. ps male it so you can change alliance name. it is amazing Got the game a few months ago but forgot to rate. I had been waiting for ages for this to come out. But gotta say, worth it! Don't wanna spoil so I'll keep my mouth shut. Great game just a few bugs Ah, the beauty of CRUSHING large nations such as Canada, United States, Russia, China with Islands (Niue, Pitcairn, Micronesia, Solomon, New Caledonia etc...). It's a great game but there's a slight learning curve for those who are not familiar with the mechanics of Age Of Civilizations Series. Great Game! very noice it is way more complicated than it needs to be. The first game was fun and enjoyable. I don't under stand anything. Its a good game but has not had any new content in a long time Please help. This game is fantastic and I really love playing it, but something has happened and I now can't play it. Turns won't progress, options won't come up, I can't assimilate or open the diplomacy pannel. Nothing else works and this is across the entire game. All my other apps are working so it's definitely this game. Please fix this! Or respond and tell me how to! I really love this game and yet I can't play! in need of an update. please update game more often than twice a year, it has been six months since last update. incredibley addictive, only problem is the UI takes a while to get use to. Game is sometimes unplayable with the bugs. the game has a huge potential. the level of complexity within the game is very impressive. that being said, the game is unplayable in its current state. buggiest thing i downloaded on a phone of mine, the settings are too complex and it has issues with resolution/scale. it could get 5 starts, but now I'm giving 2 and I'm not sure about it. i hope it get fixed masterpiece add more scenarios please it's time for a new update. Needs more optimization. I simply just love this game but sometimes it can glitch best one currently keeps flipping to portrait mode then crashes, high potential This game cannot even run. Do not purchase this game. Lukasz is a developer of lies and broken promises. He doesn't live up to his word. He uses his customers as his lab rats to look for bugs. Gay great developer always makes wonderful games really mastering the genre Its a really great game it reminds me of hearts of iron also the only issue i have with it is that you should have all provinces of that country you invaded say your germany and you invaded russia but you never have enough stars to take all of it so theres always some border gore Single best grand-strategy game on the phone. Incredible. Well worth the money. crashes constantly, but great otherwise Extremely good dear lord. this game is insanely more complicated than the previous. like, add 2 or 3 new features, not 100. sheeeeeeeeesh love all their other games but this game is too complicated. I'm sure it's awesome if you can figure everything out tho I played the first game religiously, and I didn't really think it coild get better since it was om mobile... I was very wrong, and I cant wait to spend countless hours playing the 2nd game! Thank you, game devs Great game! love it all, only issue is thaf after 2500 turns, it crashes, and stop working, either then i need to delete the game, or get rid of the saved game i had. Pleaze fix this I cant play anymore because the diplomacy button doesnt work neither does the game let me go to the next turn Before this glitch I would habe gave the game 5 stars I love the game how it takes you through time and it's wonderful but please may you add a WW1 scenario thanks for the time and effort you put in to this you deserve it. its good Add mods for android The whole game is in a language I don't understand.How do I fix the setting for English please?..Until then unplayable!..On the Android version. very sad epic There is a bug where your game i will not save. it seems like it does at the end of the turn but the save game tab at the top right will still be, meaning its bugged and all progress is lost. I cant complete a game with this. If this was a free app id be understanding but i paid for it. it needs it be fixed horrible game, the app crashes almost everytime. Controls for the game don't work. I try to play as a certain country or province but it randomly chooses one for me. I'm sorry but I was very disappointed in this game. I miss the old Age of Civilization when I could simply invade and not have to deal with all these complex features. It's a shame since I waited this long for the release. Maybe try to make all these complicated features a choice rather than making it mandatory. This game is very fun and would defenantly recomend. There is a glitch though were sometimes it will save every turn and you can't stop it, it doesn't actually save and you lose any progress you had since you last saved it. edit:it stopped. it still happens to my brother Locked the random game modes (the thing why most pays for) aren't working android locked in each effort ı wish i haven't paid Phenomenal game, the war system is one of the best I've seen on a mobile strategy game. Only complaints would be how difficult it can be to see and confusing the graphics get, how slow economic development is, and more complex ideologies. One suggestion would be adding events, unique pop ups that happen to your civilization ect We should have a ww1 map the game itself is unplayable with all the bugs and tiny unpressable buttons. well this game is really fun excellent execution and to those who dont know how to select a nation [like the top negative comment] you dont just click on the nation you have to then click random nation on the side so that it switches random nation with the nation you chose. i like it but the controls are to small AI is oddly weird. I just played Germany and Argentina randomly declared war cause I have 20- relation. can you fix this? if you can I'd be happy to rate it 5 stars Bad UI. Impossible to play on phone i love this game as you can make your own nations scenarios and other stuff amd play as any nations in the scenarios i was woundering\ hoping if i could get a refund on this game. its too much for my brain to proccess and i never play it waste of 5 bucks and time. i like the detail it goes into tho. its just not for me. the game does deserve 4 stars tho Pretty fun, quite playable on a phone screen. 3 stars because its riddled with bugs and it seems the dev has stopped working on the game entirely. good game could've given you 5 but i cant see during games when the flags are gigantic and so are the number of troops. making it very hard to see the border pls resond and fix this issue I love it except for the AI. Countries out of the blue declare war on you which ruins the game, especially if you have put a lot of time and effort into the game. This game is AWESOME!!! Love this game.Can you change the castle with HQ in modern world(when you press more)? Great but needs updates you literally cant see the map... great game but I hope you add that you can support a coup against the country muito legal Because I can't get hoi4 this is perfect for mobile This game made my son go missing the only good thing about it is it suppirts cantonese, a rarely spoken language. but, most of it arent translated, and some letters go missing. which makes it unplayable. discounting the bugs etc. crashes often, cant turn slider for ultimatium after crash. S u c c Bought game. 700 turns in, the game broke, wouldn't advance a turn. Try starting new game? Nope, it won't advance turns. Reinstall fixed; and my old game was intact. But 300 turns later it broke again... and all my post-fix saves were "fake." I was back at 700 turns again. And this time it won't unbreak with clearing data and reinstalling. It's a common, known bug if you search in desperation for a fix... but there is no fix, sadly. A game with amazing promise destroyed by bugs. I have made three serious attempts to play this game, racking up tens of hours, and all three were killed by terminal bugs. I would get 1000+ turns in, which is not that many if you wish to build your economy, and the game would become unable to save. No action I could take would prevent this bug. As soon as it appeared once that save file was doomed. This is a game I want to love, but heartbreakingly this bug makes it unplayable. Please fix it. No update since 7 months, the game is left dead and unpolished, with bugs and glitches everywhere and the community dying...I wouldn't call this a waste of money, but the author isn't posting an update regarding the iOS version of the game nor is he informing us in any way. Uninstalled, to never reinstall until a proper update comes to fix many things wrong with the game. I want a focaus Tree on this My first review I think. i loved the first game, was great to pass the time and have a bit of fun. was hoping the second game would follow that closely but with updated UI and everything but it didnt. its basically just a carbon copy of EUIV now and is really disappointing. too complicated and cluttered to be on the phone. it really doesnt work well in my opinion. sorry creator but im not a fan of this installment. This game can hardly be called a strategy game, it is more cookie clicker than strategy. It also is a time waster and the game does not want to save. I suggest you fix the saving problem. I also think you should add a mass province selection for things such as assimilation, moving troops, building, carnivals, and every other thing that you can think of. i really wish tbis game was optimize for phones better the buttons to click for diplomacy and the auctions are way too small and they're impossible to click without hitting everything else on the screen they just need to be bigger and more convenient or have it so there's a menu button on the side and you click it and all the diplomacies and region buttons are there instead of having them so tiny at the top of the screen is a great game but my only issue is the buttons are too small great BROKEN GAME- DO NOT BUY ... I really enjoyed playing this game. Until I realized that at some point in your game it becomes so buggy and broken that you literally cannot progress any further. EVERY TIME. Won't save, peace treaties no longer work, won't progress turns, etc. Would be a great game if it was fixed. Disappointing. This game is absolutely unplayable. It would be like playing Madden but after halftime you can no longer score points. FIX IT! please help me the menu is too big and I have only 2 scenarios modern world and the intro scenario excellent game but add more scenarios I want ww1 Mode then ill change, its q good game but i need ww1 and you lukas need to fufill your promises first game was simple and fun. Hoped for some improvement of military options with same amount of simplified action, but this is entirely different genre now and I don't like it anymore. you got some pictures of leaders by your nations leaving you with less to imagine and a lot of boring economy options. Less war and more politics. Most probably you are bound to contemporary reality and you can't start with each nation occupying one piece of land. Nope. I don't recommend. Excellent! Don't waste your money. Crashes constantly and loses half your turns regardless of autosave or saving on your own. It is very good （內有中文翻譯） This game is amazing. It is everything I was looking for in a turn base conquest strategy game. Only real issue I came across which is a very unfortunate one is that when I load up my save file, it goes back to the main menu and after reloading my save file it will not allow to end turn, recruit units, conduct diplomacy, etc. I hope that the developer can solve thos is issue cause this glitch happened on my mobile device and laptop and haven't been able to play since. I love it but if you make a Age of Civilization 3 please seperate the units. like make a air unit and a sea unit and ground unit. Not just one unit. Love altering history through this game, allowing the Americas to advance beyond the Europeans, or even playing slow through a one province minor. Please keep updating the app, new scenarios would liven it up good game but one major flaw and bug that ruined my game was when i was attacking sn enemy who got taken over by a rebel i declared war on the rebel state so i could continue to take over my enemy without them having a truce with me all 300k of my troops turned to their side im rqther annoyed since my last save was 30 turns before... great game I love the tackett's that you have to keep in mind in the game all the different options can a fact your gameplay and I love it you have to think very tacitly. The new patch is really can't make a new turn or create a new game, love the game just not working at the moment very nice game. there are still things to fix but i think it is one of the best offline game for mobile! add nukes it forced closs everytime i open it very good game, reminds me of HOI4, however it likes to crash alot, it isn't much of a problem because the saving is quite good its just annoying when im in the middle of a war and the game suddenly stops responding and sometimes just crashes out of the blue, this game was released roughly 3 months ago and this is the only problem ive encountered, whatever you are doing, keep doing it cuz your doing a very good job at it! also missing ancient egypt, plz add game keeps crashing way to complex for a mobil game. age of civilizations 1 is wayyy beter pretty good, but slow and buggy This game is on the lvl of the PC game HOI4 but with turns the amount of micro managing I put in I s unbelievable Please add the ability to change country's ideology after a peace conference (Allies invade Nazi Germany, Allies turn Nazi Germany into democratic germany) I love this game, it's great. However, it does have things in it that are kind of annoying. One, for instance, is that when you have to many troops in one area you can't see what is your territory, and what is the enimies territory. Another, and probably the first problem I had, is the difficulty in attacking. The tutorial told me to attack but failed to tell me how to attack. Im not shure if I missed it or I'm just dumb, but I tried tapping on the territory with troops on it instead of troops. أفضل لعبة إستراتيجية علي وجه الأرض biggest wasted of money and time The game so damn good and my phone too slow to run it, lmao but in all seriousness its a good game and i genuinely appreciate the time and effort put into it Developer doesn't even bother updating his own game. Such shame. it no save game tho it's an great app and game, only problem is once it starts to crash it seems to not want to ever work again. maybe it's just my game tho idk great game This game is playable, but is several lacking in multiple areas that make it an actual game, a fun game and a game worth spending money on. The AI is horrible, there are numerous missing features and is basically an extremely rough draft of a game. Once this game was release and received this same criticism, the developer was unfair and unjust to those that criticized his clearly broken game that you have to pay actual money for. Abandoned the game in face of receiving legitimate criticism I love the game Gg Extremely difficult to play on mobile. I would bet this is a PC game ported without too much concern for UI changes missing some countries like Luxembourg and maybe Monaco a lot of countries in the middle East Cool but some mechanics are weird: you can declare war in anyone without a reason, you can't see why a country like or dislike you etc. Great detailed if you understand how the game works. Amazing. Way better than all the first gen ones. Game is easy to learn and although kinda small still easy to control. It's a perfect mix of Civilization and Hearts of Iron to make a challenging yet fun mobile territory game. Love it and completely worth the small price. Also great music. Edit: I love this game but ALL of my saves were deleted for no reason and I'm pissed. so much work wasted, have to go back and do it again. still recommended as it's still unbelievably fun but God I'm so annoydd Just incase anybody does not know to select a nation you need to click the nation, then you press add nation, then click the random nation to switch places between the nation you want and the random, finally you press the remove button (the X). By the way great game I just wanted to clear that up for anybody who did not know this and see's my commet. woooowwwwwww so kewl The game so far is incredible. I recommend it to anyone who likes strategy games . There is nothing on the store like this . Great work it was good at first when it came out, bit lately there has been a bug where it won't let me change my budget spending, the result is devestating and destroys your economy and population leading to national death by game not working right. 👌👌👌Very Europa Universalis Esk the gameplay is fun and all, if it wasnt for the fact that the game does not load at times makes the game very annoying.. n saving Cluttered UI with tiny fonts makes this game impossible to play on a mobile phone. I tried landscape mode, but I prefer portrait, and there are way too many overlapping ui elements to know what you are clicking on. Font scale didn't help as small font is too small to read and large font creates clutter. Probably the best game on mobile. It's easy to learn and accessible to everyone.Reminds me of the games published by Paradox on PC. ass cheek of a game listen to the reviews none of them are even five-star I hate this game I played all of his other games and they were fine I love them but this f****** disgrace of a f****** game is f****** shameful I can't choose my own country without a f****** without a f****** error that just ruins the whole game like I will choose I will choose like China right and then it'll somehow f****** put me in the f****** Middle East or some s*** and it's just trash listen to the reviews good Sir this game looks great, but on my Samsung S8+ is unplayable. UI is broken, tutorial buttons don't work, selected country was not chosen, game load did not work and then random crashes. I gave 2 stars for effort but this has major problems and I'm not just being picky. amazing game i love all the different scenarios and the editor option but i have a question if i want to form the german congederation in 1576 i cant i got all the states and all the requirements but i said german confederation does not exist idk i just want to question why this happended Just downloaded and it will give me a random civilisation even though i selected another in the other side of the world... love the game it has all the things I ever wanted masterpiece overcomplicated compared to the 1st game and I'd rather play it then read many more pages of your rules book. very fun game they need a Confederate system for this game. but so far the best age of civilizations yet there should be a way to post scenarios and play other people's custom scenarios I like this game because you can create new civilization , new scenarios everything on this game has never existed in any other game. best strategy game for mobile! How do i remove the data for the game? Itx been stuck on 99% for 2 days now, pls help! game is pretty good but the custom map making is broken it crashes every time you try to edit maps or do a custom game Its great altough i think you should add posible revolutions or i just didn't get to the point of it but the rest is great and it is possible that the game stops at an certain amount of rounds well done 👍 Great strategy game, comes with a variety of scenarios best mobile game ive played, graphics are awesome and gameplay is smooth! I love it! And can you make the A.I. do ultimatums, join alliances and other stuff the player can do that the A.I. can't do, and also make customizable alliance names, switch countries in non-creative mode and creative mode and spectator mode. Can you also change the troops depending what era the game is in and also add more units? And can you also add time-lapse mode? It's a mode I made up and it's basically a game mode that you can make time faster without actually just tapping the "Next Turn". Game itself in terms of its concept is pretty solid, and I enjoy it when it works. However it has a tendency to randomly crash. There is also an additional issue with save games not showing up past a certain turn number/or year. This means I have to complete a game from start to finish without closing the game, leaving that specific save, or turninh off my phone, which is extremely inconvenient and battery draining. when I try to save only when using small countries it says will save next turn and it doesn't save Please fix was trying to download age of civillisations 2 however it says i dont have enough internal and need external storage. Ive tried deleting apps but it doesnt clear space and ive tried fitting a sd in but it doesnt work. Pls help It is a good gmae.Once you get the hang of it is easy It would be great if you added a cold war scenario or a ww1 scenario, but the game is great absolute perfection! Love it so much. Dużo bardziej skomplikowana. Trochę mało czytelna na smartfonie. So addictive love it but a few problems 1 when you have a vassals units in your territory and you have none your vassals seem to retreat or just be obliterated when an enemy Attacks and with alliances you cant really build a full on alliance max is 2 you and another because you cant invite anyone to yours or join anyones so it seems pointless 3 i think pillaging should do more damage to population if i have a 20k army pillaging i think atleast 5k population should be killed off last more rebellions not enough I can play the game just fine up to 4/14/19 everytime I try to load a senario it stops and goes back to the main menu and if I try to coutine the game and I does work until I press something than the games breaks I hope you can fix if you dont I wasted $5. The AOC 2 Lite was so good that after playing i decided to buy the full version of it, but now the problem is game crashes when I try to open the saved scenario showing no recognised province after selecting any province, also I didn 't found the scenario that I've saved in load games. I hope there will be new updates soon with many bugs fixes and stabilities to enjoy the gameplay hassel free. Very good idea and execution but... Some small bugs seem to be extremely exaggerated in other ratings though. The controls are very good and easy to understand but they seem to be made more for the PC versions. The graphics are quite nice they are almost perfect until you look at Norway, Sweden, and Finland mostly the northern halves though. Overall a good game 4.5/5 ⭐ really fun game! I just gave up trying to play after the 6th time it crashed. I LOVE THE GAME! although I would like a sequel to this game. game addictive strategy unusual, this game it's not about how well move army, it's how well controlling other tutorial not helpful modern world full maps lagging battery consumption it's crazy, faster than playing moba It is just great. I would like that you add WWI into the game plz definitely does not feel like it was made for phones. The zooming is glitchy, everything including the X tabs are too tiny, there is no way to scroll without tapping something. No game menu. Also the sand box mode is different than AoC 1 because you cant make an enormous army from your capital anymore a little too complex for me to understand, can we have the option to play it similar to the old one? This is a great addictive game with a mix of historical and geographical knowledge. However there are some ways of which you can improve this game. By adding a feature to duplicate and delete scenarios. Adding some kind of multiplayer gallary where you can download other peoples scenarois. Or publish your own. There is also a bug when you make a scenario some land that you made as a country can appear as undiscovered. Other than that this is a solid game. An easy five stars. This is one of the best games on the app store. I love hoi4 and this game is the closest anything has come to replicating it. With all the scenarios there is endless fun! I have sent hours in the scenario editor make fun and cool maps! I love thsi game!!! it's cool I have emotions everywhere that are good on this game Good game but every time i try to add a new leader, it doesnt work. very difficult to do many things,confusing interface and difficult to level up knowledge. add multiplayer the first game was Great and was looking forward to this game but unfortunately the menus are bafflingly difficult to navigate and i had no clue what country i was or where imnon map.this could have been amazing but sadly too many bugs and no chance of a real game.i Will return at a later date.if u could make it straight forward and accessable love this game and ive had a great time playing it though still yet to conquer a hole map its great. The only thing that they could fix or change is mabey add different types of units and also make it so evan at war people can still join your alliance. Another thing is that make it so sometimes even when the allience has a low chance as long as its not to low mabey sometimes it would work. I would also love to see a ww1 map! Really great game. Takes a bit to understand fully how to play, but once you do it becomes fun and challenging. I haven't found another mobile like it. almost PC level quality. The game is fun, but it keeps crashing? Also as the game goes on the time before turns slows down so bad its literally almost 5 min between turns. Wasn't very impressed with the game. Before you even play the game youre confused by the menu. Doesn't really make sense. The tutorial didnt help me understand the game at all. When starting you're always in debt. How do i get more money from my proviences?? It could be a good game if its explained better. Don' t waste your money the game is full of bugs and the save feature wont work. If you think playing 50 turns only to have all of your progress reset is fun the go for it. I wish I realized this while I could still refund. Nice idea. Poor development why cant you take all of a country's provinces just because that country is bigger or more powerful than you, even if you did all the work. To me it seems unfair. i like every other aspect of the gameplay good game Could be better if you add different types of units like planes and boats and a cold war version with Korean war and Vietnam war I want to take more than one star but the game is good. What sucks about it is the user interface and the tutorial. You need to increase font size and figure out most things yourself. i should have taken the tutorial i was not ready for this depth but excited! still waiting for a online mode tho i play modern world scenario with my friends(Total:11 players).it was fun until turn 133,the game crash ,i saved it and quit the game.when i open it back and press the "next turn",the game was not respond.please fixed it because i start think to uninstall the game.. it wont let me accsess diplomacy has sighning noise it keeps crashing while it loading It's basically a fusion of the other 'randomless risk' clones on the market, with mechanics from Europa Universalis 4. It's a hell of a lot better then other mobile grand strategies, but still quite a bit from PC. Warfare is surprisingly good. It's got population and administration cost simulation ala Victoria 2 (so actually better then EU4 in that way). It's not amazing, but its a great direction for mobile to go in, plus it gets regular free content updates and no microtransactions. the game is unplayable. It crashes ever couple minutes.. This masterpiece is the best one yet from this developer and has so much depth.My only grip is the response with any button selection.Works alot more smoothly on my tablet which isnt as powerful as my phone.Anyways you will definitely love this gem so stop reading and buy this NOW!!😀edit:keeps force closing now for some reason,please fix😯 Fantastic game, when it works. I played for days and then it crashed. Now it will open, but won't take a turn no mater what scenario I play. Overall the game is great i love it for a mobile game but i have been running it issues like the next turn and the dilopmacy buttons not work. amazing game much more detail compared to 1st game Good it's ight Great game! Wish there was more family tree stuff to do but overall im highly impressed. Runs smoothly, its challenging but lets you play different levels to suit you (i mean a lot do but often its not noticeable or tooooo noticeable). Allowing crusades would be a nice touch, family tree/inheritance stuff(?), and a WW1 theme too :) amazing game Way too many bugs Thank you for your hard work and thanks for adding a creation system I love building new empires and waging wars with friends you have filled a gap that most strategy games failed to fill keep up the good work. Wonderful improvement since the last game and is really fun to play. Keep up the great work. Now that I've gotten a better device to play this on, its really good but there are few glitches but I dont really care The worst game out of the series in my eyes you can't do anything in the budget part of the tutorial because you can't access the budget. This game tries to be good but turns out to be worse than its counterparts. I would recommend buying the first one for a game you can actually play. Want my money back. considering its a direct copy of eu4, I like the game by default. but other than that, some mechanics and features are either frustrating to maneuver with or are hard to find to access at all. Great, Download it i think i just bought all of your games😅😅 very addictive love this game, love the challenge only problem i have is that i have instances where the game crashes and pauses for No reason. otherwise great game. consistently autosaves and makes it unplayable Stupid and money catching stupid game it is a really fun game i say it's definitely worth 5 bucks but thers a glitch were the flags and the city name and the army's git relly big and it unplayibl this is a great game but after a while the game crashes. The game is good besides some glitches where i have to delete all data because when i click on options my screen goes black. Also on timeline, when playing as America the map spins around, i am guessing it's to do with Hawaii since that also happened during the American states scenario when i conquered hawaii this game is Amazing I've played it anytime I have downtime wish there was a World War 1 scenario but other wise it's a great game and I'd totally recommend buying it I think it a good game but I think they should add more scenarios like why isn't ww1 a scenario the game play is good but there's bugs that bother me usually love this game but for some reason the AI keeps increasing their technology incredibly fast and by turn 100 they already have maximum tech, which makes catching up to them basically impossible (have only noticed this problem while playing the aztecs, so it might be because im in the new world or that theyre all tribal) not buggy at all and i like geopolitical games like this. amazing. I love all the thing you can do.You could even form a union! I would love this game even more if you could add a ww1 sceniaro. (not sure if i spelt that right) awesome game recommended if you see this developer keep it up the game as long as possible I love it if you could add a world war 1 scenario that would be the best I think there should be a world war 1 scenario added into the game way to complicated and font is too small to read. not intuitive I played as Sweden and managed to get over 700 provinces, the UK declared war on me, they had about 800 provinces but that's not the problem we went to war for 1 turn and when I ended the turn I literally watched as the UK took me from about 750 provinces to 32, I couldn't defend or strike back because it seemed like the game gave the UK unlimited turns for some reason i loved the first age of civilizations and this is even better. I waited 2 years for it to come out after i heard about it. I has way more countries and provinces. Something I really like more than the first one is that you can improve relations with countries. It is basic enough that most can understand but not so basic that it's boring. A lot of the bad reviews on this game are people that don't understand how to play. It is a little complex but not as bad as harts of iorn 4. absolutely excellent, but requires some updates dedicated to gameplay Very addictive and a lot of fun. The scenarios really seal the deal for me as it provides lots of extra gameplay and the editor is also fun to use which allows you to make your own and edit other scenarios. My only true complaint is that the game won't load, getting stuck while loading the 4260th province despite clearing the games cache as recommended. I am also extremely unwilling to clear the games data as I'm afraid that'll delete scenarios which I've created which include the HRE. The age of civilizations (random game) option is completely broken. Time doesn't move forward, can't set up spending (defaults to 0% and is locked there for all three), and the AI does nothing. Which is all a shame as the scenarios in the game are fun, but I want to paint my nation's name across the map after tearing through a 1000+ plus nations.😈 The game is really great! But when I've captured half of the world, on 1000+ turn something happened. Now I can't interract with the game, diplomatic, turn and map mode buttons don't respond. The game itself is excellent, beautiful grafics. In the other side there is no instruction but the tutorial and even that is incomplete as it explains nothings of deseases or insurgencies was waiting for it to come out and was not disappointed Horrible controls and confussing gameplay. This game is great on PC but is quite laggy on Android (w/ SD 845 & 6GB ram) especially when you zoom in and out. If you want to get this game get it on Steam. Can't really recommend this on Android. Exceeded my expectations. great game. so many different options and Nations to play as. i have 30 save games with 500+ turns on. you can stop whenever you'd like to with saving. #1 game even for its price. the only thing that would make this game better is more frequent/more powerful revolts. Clearly a game with a lot of potential but unfortunately whenever I return to it after a couple of minutes it has to reload and my progress is lost. This makes it quite impractical to play on the go. I'd rate it five-stars if it didnt crash a thousand times before I could even play. Similar to others complaints the UI is either too small or too large! they explain nothing the first few months were good but now I have to keep on erasing my data using settings because when I start it it does not open (basically it get stuck on loading) Great, always a fun play I especially like the scenario editor and the country editor. awesome I was playing both versions on pc and on mobile device now, gameplay is great and fun, there are a lot of different scenarios to play, one thing that is a problem controls, especially playing on tablet, overall it's worth the price would be awesome if I could get past turn 70ish with out game crashing The game is absolutely fantastic its super fun abd a great time killer, reminds me of sid meijers civ v which is a great game Absolutely love it. No other game like this! just try it out great concept, very laggy game, I suggest only people with quality phones to download Great game but needs more scenarios such as world war 1 or the american revolution. other than that it is pretty great. i play on a Samsung galaxy s9 and lately jt has been crashing upon starting So I have played this game for a while and when I was playing Italy and conquered more then half of the world I saved the game and left to do something else. and when I came back in couldn't go to the diplomacy map mode which sucked then when I clicked next turn it did nothing. I love this game but it still has a few bugs sadly. But other then that issue it is the best game I have ever played I love this game to bits, however I think if there was a percentage quick click button for things like army recruitment it'll help a lot for people who play this game on their phones cause the sliding mechanism is quite frustrating when you're trying to do something based on percentages. I like it I learning a lot but why is Russia too damn strong lol it was too addictive i had to uninstall it. game is like crack I love this game. Though, one problem I face is that it is crashing every 10 or so turns. Its a good game and like HOI4 but i run into a bug that is when autosave is on i set it to 100 turn but when autosave do its thing it always save every one turn not 100 Great game, I personally like making scenarios. The only trouble I'm having is resolution and that the game sometimes has a lag spike game crashes every time i open it I love it, the graphics an that are good but if it lags to much I get kicked out so plz fix that but it's good game Overload of information in the tutorial, controls could be improved a little but the main reason ive given 2 stars is because it changes to a different starting location each time ive began a new campaign very cool game if you know how to play it, there are many scenaros that i would like for you to add and it would be cool if you could add cutscences to the game to really make it look like your really the one controlling the game of course you may have to make it go to console for it to work but it would be very cool if you could. A very great game with much potential, but there's many problems. To start, the biggest one of them all are optimization issues as the game will constantly crash and seems to fluctuate alot in using up memory (which is likely why it crashes so much), the ai is extremely aggressive whenever taking out friendly countries (seems to be even when they arent in a coalition/alliance) so you have to. e very careful who you go to war with (otherwise getting ganged upon by other countries). Fix please! Amazing Game! Love it. First time ever to pay for a mobile game, wasn't disappionted. An excellent paradox games style grand strategy for mobile. loved the first. really love the second, great job Far too complicated. Controls and gameplay extremely difficult to get used to. Not nearly as good as the original. can every civilization have their own religion la islam, Christian and more .....thank you Too many bugs especially when you go over 3000 turns you should come out with this on apple devices i payed 5€ for a game that dosent even work properly, when you reach over 50 turns it goes very slow and sudenly crashes, and you lose everithing, than start again :( i would like a refund, my phone is an Samsung S8 It does not let me add a city, more time periods it's a really fun timewaster. Played this all day during my travels. Really helped cure my boredom. Got one problem though: After 200ish turns, everything i do isn't registered. Every building i try to build wont build. It stayed at 2 turns. Tried to restart the game, but it kept putting me at the same turn, like i did nothing. Other than that its a really good game though. Please fix. Amazing aside from the fact that the AI recruits troops to the point where it's impossible to invade but the player can't bring an army as big. Edit: The rebel system is good but there is no real way to stop rebels from happening, this gets really annoying because of the fact that you're almost always at war. It gets tedious to take rebel territory. 2nd Edit, until an update is out, i will keep the low score. i love when the game says it saves every turn, then it turns out it wasnt saving. It's a fun game its just I wanted to refund it today but I can't do that anymore. So what I am saying is that csn you make it a second or third day tefund choice, please and thank you! often shutdowns mid game love love love it! way better than the original! Bravo. Although it took some time to figure out, I loved it. Just a few suggestions. Try to make the gameplay a bit more like HOI4. Changing leaders automatically. Actual country populations. Historical AI. Civil Wars. Gradual change in political ideology and a meter to measure it. I'll edit this as I think of more suggestions but you've done a fantastic job putting this in mobile format. Definitely worth the price!! Save game keep corrupting. it's a fun game but the save bug just ruin it. Keeps Crashing i cant rotate the screen after the game launches which makes it unplayable . lg30 phone A little wonky controls sometimes. otherwise a great game if you like ck2 Great game, I love it. But, after a while it won't save. It's all working at the bigging but at some point it won't save anymore. my favrout game in the world.worth the money would be nice if there was more scenarios A bit more complicated to learn than the first one, but afterwards it's much more interesting to play. best Strategy game on the phone. Jest jeszcze dużo błędów Tutorial didn't work. after about 100 rounds game starts lagging and wont save you'll spend hours playing only to get back on and have almost nothing, great game but unplayable I literally love this game. Great game really worth the money. I recomend it. But there are few bugs. On a few provinces economy stucks at 99. I invest a lot in them but nothing happens(its not a big deal but is little anoying). The biger issue is that diplomacy stopped working late in game(somwere around turn 1400). Most relations are reset to 0 and i cant change it. very poor gameplay with countless bugs and the ai always has a unfair advantage. feels incomplete and lacks effort by developer. Doesn't Even Load Up. fun to play best app for paradox addicts like myself This game is not easy to learn or play or see. it overlaps on itself. no clear options... there is tooo much things to learn b4 playing a full game, the 1st one is simple to learn, this one is still dont get the tutorial didnt help no matter how many times i play it Epic game, Near perfect, but damaged by lag on bigger maps, some menu issues, getting nothing but black screen when starting up, some crashes also, i wouldnt mind some content being removed if it ment better preformance it will not start y tell me now One of the best mobile games I've ever played. It isn't often I play games on my device, and I certainly have never paid for one however I took a risk and let me say, this is one of the most detailed and content filled games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. All props to the creator as I can see at least 100 man hours was put into the nations alone, well worth the five dollars and a great way to spend idle time. Very fun, very in depth strategy game. A huge improvement over the first one, which I also love. If I could rate this higher, I would. It's like HOI4, but for mobile. I was a fan of the first one as it was exactly what I was looking for a simple Grand Strategy game for mobile that wasnt filled with ads and micro transactions. As soon as I found out a second one had come out I immediately bought it and was not dissapointed it has improved so much from the last one including diplomacy, management and wow the map its huge with many provinces and many scenarios. If you are looking for a grand strategy game in the same vein as EUIV but for the mobile then this it. amazingly playable game!! Total waste of money I bought it and you simply can not play it. It crashes nearly every 2nd try and when you watch the map its extremely buggy. The creator has to update and debug this one until March 11th otherwise I will use legal way to get my money back. Loved the firet game, this one is confusing initially, so while trying it a second time it froze my phone and forced a reset. it keeps crashing Fix it ! The old one is my all time favorite because is was easy to understand. So I thought this new one will build up on the same simple system but I was wrong. Its very complicated. Tried it several times and continued playing the old one again. I absolutely love this game. It is good for people who like history, strategy games, simulation, and even geography. You can either be peaceful or not. There are different Scenarios from the year 5 to modern day. Please add a world war 1 scenario. You can even make your own maps, scenarios, countries, and leaders. I wish there were more stimulative things to do like have weapons of mass destruction or just different units in general. please make it more real world simulation. overall amazing!!! I bought and loved the first one but I keep glitching around the map when I zoom in and it makes it very difficult to play I hope its fixed soon it looks great. I will rate higher when it's fixed. Not unplayable. I cannot seem to play as my selected faction. Every time I press play after choosing England, it gives me a random faction instead. Please fix this, as it is frustrating me greatly. Great strategy game. Very in depth. If you like a challenge this is the game for you. I have a minor issue on the 1400 scenario, everytime I pass 500 turn, it just bug out and automatically saves every turn I make but doesnt actually saves it. Can you please address this as quickly as possible because the 1400 scenario is one of my enjoyable ones and I hate the fact that I have to start a new campaign everytime I reach 500 turn. Very complex game, but poor gameplay and accessibility, I select one civilization to play with and it gives me a totally random one. And why isn't there an option to go back to menu from gameplay? Also, there are too many options while playing and the writing is so small that I press the wrong option. Make it simpler and more enjoyable to play, I kinda want my money back Terrible port. Literally unplayable on the phone, touchscreen doesnt lineup and framerate lags, besides the fact that everything is too small and theres really no way around that. Don't waste your money. love the game but after a couple hundred turns u can no longer save the game making it unplayable..please fix this bug!! Community scenario sharing & possible modding support (community made formable nations, leaders, maps,etc) are some things I would love to see. Great game! You should add an option to change the type of government of a puppeted nation The game has so much- no TOO much potentual but i don't think the creator cares anymore. The issues are; If you trade for provinces you cannot get it in anyway but if you want someone else to declare war on someone else they will accept for nothing in return , No chance for revolutions to win , No ideological revolutions , Big countries get too much buff and no way of breaking , too hard to make alliances even with a 1 province country and more. I want this game to succeed. (btw add tanks) Only thing is that when u hit the pages button next to the home button it makes the game start over very good game amazing game just needs a ww1 map game is ok. app blows. nothing works properly. randomly stops allowing display in landscape. cannot load a save game. many other nonsense problems. unacceptable for a 4.99 game I like how specific it is about the details of each country and it's a game that you can play for hours. just need more scenarios Brilliant, only thing it needs is a WW1 theme I love the game, but it would be awesome if you could make another country capitulate if you take their capital. Also could you make the World War ll scenario more realistic, if you can't, it's cool. Buggy thier needs to be a story mode get It's a pretty fun game but with near constant crashes and games that at times won't even save, it's not worth the 4.99 Great game, a lot of time spend on it, so I think I was worth it! I rated it 5 stars but now that I experienced more of it, it deserves 4. The game is very good but it is laggy, there are many bugs that have yet to be fixed (patch sometime in the future?) and some really annyoing glitch: I can't get past turn 1234. I was playing as Castile, conquered half of the world and while at war with Bohemia, the game won't save. I'm waiting for an update to fix this but it is really disappointing. needs a lot of updates, improvements but fun to play. if you are looking for a EU4 replacement it comes somehow close to it. needs multiplayer across phones the game is really addictive and enjoyable with many advanced options...the only problem for me is that after some point it stops saving game data so i have to keep on playing the same turns over and over again...please fix this Impossible to save. The dev says it is a cache pbm. But the game is a cache eater by itself... So it doesn't save. One of the best so fun i love it its like a diet Hearts of Iron IV just had my first victory would recommend doesn't want to save anymore... i will change to 5 stars when it will be fix... useless to play games for hours without any possibility to save it... Image name for leaders does not work. In short this is a well-done older EU game designed for mobile. If you love 4X games you'll love this. The only thing separates this from an absolute 10/10 game are (1) UI and (2) diplomatic interactions and (3) balance in terms of war/military. But this is a job well-done already. big improvement from the 1st game, keep up the good work good awesome NOW THIS IS A GAME. I've been looking for a game like this for soo long. The fact it has a built in editor is amazing. 5 stars all the way. Awesome game. One of my favourites for sure. Great and addictive game, just lacks tutorials. Explain how to annex occupied territory to get 5*. love it Best game on Android. Two small suggestions: trade routes and multiplayer I have played for years. Just downloaded II yesterday and...who can read that font on their phone?? Tried to put it on my laptop and it says I can't (but I paid for it, so....)? what's the deal? there is a bug. i cleared all my history, reset my computer, did everything i could and the labels would appear over the screen. the display of selecting countries can be so stress ful becausde anytime i try to move my mouse it will select a country i know theres a thing you can press on the side but can you remove some of it so it doesnt go all the way to the side It is very good the best strategy game i have ever played and even though it did cost money $ it was worth every penny and lukas you need to add a option to where the ai are historical The game itself is fun, but I recommend tweaking the technology system. 1. add more options. For now you basically can only invest in economy. Maybe an army strength modifier. Simple. 2. Big nations always improve tech faster than small nations. It should be uniform by region, maybe making tech points more expensive depending which region your capital is in. Other than that, great game! You would be happy to know that I am working on a refined version of the 1440 scenario, with events! good game, but has many bugs and crashes, unable to get support from developer on the issues well the game is great but the only problem I've been having is that the game crashes when I load. perfect game just need more scenarios Great game. Worth the wait......in the end. edit. having problems with game on new galaxy s8, once I build up lots of territories the game slows down to a point that's unplayable. An excellent game overall. Sad to hear based on the official forum that this game has officially been abandoned by the developer. Nearly 2 years of work gone just like that. Hard to believe. So I bought this game and I never played it I've only started it up and it's been 15 days is it possible to still get a refund? Hello ive come to review for 2 things. firstly id like to have the holy roman empire a new meaning. It just feels so useless for me since i dont think it doesnt give you anything good in particular. Second ive come to report a bug. on the middle of games it will say that ram full, game will not be saved. I check my storage and that doesnt seem to be the case. Please fix this because its wasting my time and effort to have the gameplay delered You should add divisions and be able to research weapons of war and stuff like that. I would also like to know if we're able to apply for beta tester version? Hopefully by next month you'll fix them bugs til then 1 star in depth game with to the eye than it seems. very clunky play style with small buttons on the phone but... very enjoyable once the basics are understood and replayable due to editor, amount of countries and different ages. Great game, clearly the best mobile contender for a Hearts of Iron type game. Sandbox mode needs a fix as its hard to get anywhere thanks to inflation. Custom scenarios need better options such as being able to darken whole countries rather than doing it province by province. Community scenarios would be a great addition. Other than that the game is fantastic. I love this game! I am a huge fan of Paradox Interactive games (Europa Universalis, Victoria II, more) and this is definitely inspired. Obviously this game is not as complex or has as good AI as those PC games but it comes extremely close for a mobile game. I play with no crashes on Pixel 2. Dev, I do have one issue: I'm far advanced into one game and cannot save past a certain point. I will progress maybe 50 turns, save the game, and when I return I'm back to the original save. Any fix? The game crashes every time I open it. Completely unplayable. all the writing on the maps is too big. the game is too wide and doesn't fit in my mobile screen. it's quite good but are there no updates yet? it's like I'm waiting forever just for an update. We need a update please. make a full starting of history conqurst and or make relogions best strategy/sandbox game for phones. unmatched I overall enjoy this game, I am a fan of games like Hoi4 and other paradox games. I was so excited when this game came out and I relatively enjoy it. But one massive problem when I do like the ww2 scenario only a certain bit of the map loads and everything else is unexplored. please fix, and Thank You! Pretty good game. My only complaint is that once you know what you're doing, it's not very hard to become unstoppable. I think more emphasis should be put on making it harder to quickly expand, such as more aggressive AI coalitions, higher chances of revolts in newly conquered provinces, harder assimilation, etc. Unions are an issue. For example, I was playing as modern world Syria and after conquering most of the middle east, I formed a union with Russia. I think the problem here is obvious. I just got the Chance to play and although i was not dissappinted i do not feel that it was worth the price iv paid. im not down talking it but i guess iv expired the time limit for a refund even though i just opened the game. Can i still get a refund? sorry to be a hassle need to add ww1 scenario This game is amazing! I've been having an awesome time with it... however, there are issues that need to be fixed, such as save games not working during late game and the income button crashing the game. If they're fixed, this game will be as good as perfect. it is ok so far. it would be very greatly appreciated if you could continue fix the loading issues. the game likes to crash when loading in the map and game. overall good game though. i loved this game but it needs a system that to import flags from the dowload for mobile because i tried to find a base of the flag of the sulu sultanate fantastic strategy/war game Game crashes when playing Age of civilization mode. Please Fix Fun to play. Crashes a bit on chromebooks though. Great game, it's alot of fun. However the game stopped letting me continue, to the next turn. maps keep crashing and hard to learn where everything is very confusing. please respond or i would like a refund Good but would be better with: A- importing images for flags B- better typing interface.Atm, you have to delete an entire sentence for the mispelling in the first word C- WW1 D- better Leader editor, once again needs importing images E- a tutorial purely for creating Civilisations, Leaders and such else Nonetheless, definitely worth it. Having issues woth signing into Google Play though there need to be workshop like steam Love this game 12/10 rating just need to add ww1 scenario It would be five stars but I have this glitch where I cant do anything any my screen flips outm Great game overall. Diplomatic Relations system works very well unlike World Conqueror. World Conqueror just gives you allies where as in this game you can do anything basically. Editor Mode is amazing, it is like an "Alternate History" or "Alternate Future" of the world. Anyways like I said, Great Game Overall. please add the tutorial in game on how to add leader image and music file, on pc is easy but here i don't know how Can't wait for new Scenarios Łukasz. I CAN'T explain how MUCH I love this game. Some days, I spend 5+ hours playing. I've told people that if this game was $30 I would T O T A L L Y buy it! Great job, great work. 1776, 1914, 1941, 1945, cold war early, and, cold war late for some scenario ideas. when it works its great but drains the battery so much, and doesnt save/load properly Unplayable. So disappointed I spent £5 on this garbage. It's too busy, unintuitive, and there is nothing about it to make me want to give it a second chance. After waiting so long, it came. and it was worth it! very nice game more on diplomacy so that your vassals dont have as much power in decisions such as making them join your alliance. Also an improvment that would make game so much better is technology for guns trade, reworking economic system so you can improve economy without war. These would be key changes that would make the game much more attractive because for now yet ill still play it its getting to be very repetitive. Another thing is add peices like a character or ship under miltary number love the game but a update made it so shows all city names i hate this please fix, forget about I dug deeprt and found setting to minmize my issues love you homosexually dude Until now everything was fine,everytime i click onto Diplomacy my game just bugs,or sometimes it doesnt even count as if I clicked,when I go into Map Modes and Diplomacy the screen just gets so messy,please fix.Other than that,the game is great,and I really enjoy my time playing it. Lagi na s9 plus... the game is in chinese on my phone and can not change the language Great game! Simply one of the best Hoi4 style game in mobile I would give it 5 stars but the auto save is not working and it keeps erasing some of my game progress please fix it thank you. the game is really good but every once in a while something happens like crashes or for example i am not able to save my game the past few days, it doesn't do it automatically as well needs a better tutorial as I found it very confusing and adding a function like arms or arms research would be 10x cooler for instance Russia with ak and American regions with ar like weapon other than that very tactical and well made game. 5 stars Now i have one problem that sometimes when i try to load the game it does music but the screen is black and i also hope that if i unistall it its still free and everything is great addictive this game is good but i dont like the combat of the game it's very simple and it needs improvment but still it's a good game you should buy it. Recommended to people who really wants a good "board" styled game such as HOI4 but can't get a PC, reason I'm not rating 5 stars is because of how i dont like how the AI attacks and annex other country (border gore), but overall this game is good, just needs some fixes on how the AI works (ik its not easy to change it but kek). Technology part is stupid great love the game, but i cant play it anymore. I work my economy in a provice to 10k, save then load the game again, and it goes down to 5k. it changes my income per turn from 1500 to 1100. thats a huge drop. please fix at the very least the game save/load function,i dont like losing hrs of work on a game because it wont load or save properly. Amazing game, Amazing scenarios. Crashes very often, but that can be can be fixed. The price if very fair considering the sheer mass size and amount of scenarios and things to do in game. Who would I recommend this too? Definitely people whom are into history and geography, or even strategy games. The game goes so in depth that you can even ANNEX countries! (Super fun when you're the US and everyone is scared of you). 10/10. Fantastic game! Would love to see more scenarios (maybe community scenarios?) in the future! Customization is a bit tedious and could use a FAQ or tutorial. Brilliant otherwise! Good game but it wont let me save after 20 or so turns 😠😠😠 Fantastic Honestly my favorite mobile game can't save my progress after 301 turn Looks like it would be a great game and a great app, but for this you'll need a tablet, or big screen absolutely great for a mobile game and should be improved so it's even better I like it a lot it helps pass time but I want to be able to make a union with other countries easier also fix the rulers I doubt Sam Houston would be leading texas in 2017 I'm hooked. Absolutely hooked, the first game by this developer was little more than a risk simulation with fancy UI. But this genuinely is starting to feel like more of a EU4 lite and is by far the best grand strategy game on mobile. I can't help but see some people comment on how hard it is, and it does have a tough initial difficulty curve, but after a while this is just like EU4 in the sense that it becomes a canvas with you holding the brush. It's got all kinds of mechanics in game. 6/5 It's Crusader King's 2, but without the family/dynasty thing and slightly simplified. Definitely makes you feel like a ruler. I also found it was surprisingly customisable. EDIT: Played as England, vassalised most of Ireland, Attacked a Irish county not realising France loved them. France declared war. Fought back, angered Scotland as a result. Enlisted my vassals in the war. Norway loves me. Allied with Norway to assist. Big war, very fun, very tense, 10/10 game. easily the best strategy game on mobile. little tricky to learn at first but its overall a great game Germany conquered USSR and it is a goal for any slavboo to send vengeance for the motherland sucks I want my money back what a waste of money.. It's like one of those Paradox grand strategy games but for phones and it's quite fun but a major problem i have for this game is that the map does nit fit with the resolution so some units (if your country is small) is overshadowed by a bigger countries army it almost makes the earth 4253 (or whatever) province map unplayeble amazing... Exactly what it claimed to be! This game has so many options, timelines, and modes it's ridiculous. its worth every penny. Addictive and youre always learning new things. This game is okay but it lacks the dynamic feature that set Europa universalis apart. tribal governments are too easy to expand. unrealistic great game bit would reccoamend a way to make grecce great game Seriously love the game I truly enjoy playing it but I keep getting this bug that causes the screen to rapidly flicker when you zoom in and it makes the game unplayable. If uninstall and reinstall the game it fixes it but I lose my save games right now I have a game as Spain with almost 1500 provinces at 2200 turns in. and I really dont want to restart pls fix Love the game but after about 1700 turns it stops saving, rendering it useless. Also keeps hanging and sending "App not responding" messages. Disappointed i paid for this. Fix it and I'll play it again though . it's Nice in every way besides it's modiblity maybe make it more easier mod and it will greatly increase the happiness of the purchaser The game is always crashing and it's not loading all the nations, in fact I'm the only country on the planet... That's not nice. It's so sad because the game could be promising. I'll give it 5 stars once they fix the bugs please add more maps or let us download maps and scenarios from other players ASAP!!! the game actually good and interesting, bring back old memories. So exited in the beginning. Start from 1440, but after 300 years it start to laggy, crash and can't be saved properly. I waste about 100 turns and its back to the previous saved timeline. Tried it 3 times, but came with same result. what a dissapoinment. Play with samsung note. Would easily be a much better game if the AI declared wars that AREN'T on countries they can't reach without military access. There are so many other minor problems/bugs I can't write them all down - you can find some in other reviews. Check this review's edit history for more - Google Play's stupid 500 character limit won't let me fit everything I want in here. Lovvvvve! I love this game. Best game on android but it takes long time to win. I played 50 hours and can't win even 10% of map. is it normal or just me too slow to win ? the growth of population is too slow. I can't recruit army even if I have a lot money. I reallly appreciate if someone can give tips & advices. great game but still a little bit bug, please fix man, please buggy asf very good but should be able to download senarios WW1 scenario is needed Just ignore this game. putting the bugs and gameplay issues aside. The developer who made this game is one of the most unreliable, childish people that I have ever had the displeasure of supporting. If I could rate 0 stars I would. awesomeeee The game is fantastic and really fun to play. I would give a 5 stars except the save system is broken for me. It keeps what "turn number" it is, but reverts back to the way everything was on turn 30. It's incredibly frustrating to lose hours of play! Has glitches and unplayable Amazing game, but if possible I suggest that there should be more diplomatic and civic options. Including elections which would allow the population in your country vote on certain types of governments that they agree with. So addicted, nice concept. It feels like playing Civilization on mobile. hope this game always be updated with more feature like uniqueness of country's leader, uniquness of resources, hystorical activity log, unique resource, economic trade, news, etc Game is very good, but bugs with saving dont give a chance to play little bit more, every time put you back in one period of good savegame, other saves like autosave or manualy dont work, only number of movements and year are good, land, money, military and others are from early stage of play. I think 6gb of RAM is enought. Highest quality strategy game for mobile, Perfect for when you have nothing else to do and desire a strategic in-depth experience. The developer of this game clearly put a lot of effort into it, and I am glad to have supported such a high quality game. Perfect for fans of Europa Universalis IV and Hearts of Iron IV who are looking for a good strategy game when away from the PC, worth every cent. Looking forward to future updates. Cheers :) Omg worth the money 💯😎💯 thanks for this game dude, hopefull theres more to come👍 HOI4 in android 😎 Very addictive and easy to learn. I would like more scenarios (maybe a ww1 scenario). This is a great game. It is endless fun with endless possibilities! I would recommend this game for anybody, young or old, male or female. Henry brownhorseis I love the game. I would like it if there was a ww1 scenario good on conputer, laggy on mobile. This game is amazing for the platform the only thing I feel should be expanded is the army system. (different units/unit graphics) its a good game Very complicated and buggy. love the game, but can the font size for the armies be turned down more then size 12 when zooming in the army numbers cover a lot of the space making hard to know which province your actually touching/on. Other than that good game. Amazing game, worth the money spent. I love this game but the age of civilizations game mode freezes my phone every time I try to play it. But overall very good game. Not sure if I am missing something or it is a bug but I can only move my army within my country. No option to leave my borders. What am I missing? best grand strategy game out aside from PC titles One of the best games I've played. lithuania is finally bigger than poland yes Phenomenal experience. this game is amazing it is an amazing strategy game especially when compared to other games of the like. It has a detailed and great scenario creator the best on mobile in my opinion it is worth every cent. there is one problem though the AI acts weird every time I fight a war it's a game of cat and mouse they never try to defend they just move around it's very tedious at times MOSKAU, MOSKAU this game freaking rocks. everything ive wanted in a mobile game. sort of like HOI4. buy this game its worth the money. Dull and lame. lviv = ukraine Hi game looks awesome, jus one annoying thing wich i cant sort it out, when you occupie country, every turn they propose peace treaty wich gets annoying when you conquer more countrys, any suggestions? Thanks I just witness perfection !!! Great game, a little hard in the beginning but once you understand everything it's really addicting. okay music is back! nice gameplay, good detailed geography. best in world waiting for aco3 10 out of 10 Best moblie stragie on the moblie market. There are some problems but it makes up for being great. we want 624 scenario great game very simple and easy to pick up Need better improve This is exactly what I imagined for age of civilization improvements! A very good concept and executions, tho' sometimes it crashed in the middle wonder why? And if I might add something here, could you make a specified scenario about South-East Asian civilizations? I realized that SEA's history isn't as much appealing as Europe, Middle East, China or Japan's power struggle. But we also have a long history of conflict, trade and culture shifts from one to another. I'll add your fifth star then. this game is great but the bugs is ruining my experience like when i try to save it doesnt save it says my device doesnt have enough storage but i do have enough storage i have 32 gb internal and 4 gb ram and it has a lot of space left so pls fix this Sandbox mode is amazing very good so far , as far as the scenarios go also very interesting but PLEASE PLEASE add some sort of way to upload scenarios so others can download them, this would make this game just insanely good, and the replay value would go up exponentially , just dont monetize this tho , as people have already paid and giving us this freedom with the game would be awesome. we've to realise that if your device isn't rooted, you can't have the other people's mods or maps. My only complaint is that Cuba is not communist and there is no ww1 sernorio It Keeps me Enticed, i can decisively say that this game will never be deleted. the element of Grand Strategy is what i truly Love! How it all comes together in a great game. Age Of Civilizations 2 is the game of my dreams. I like best strategy game on mobile Good game. But please add regicide mode. Ive played this a long time ago and couldve sworn there was a regicide mode. Basically if you kill their King, you own their country. Or can basically do whatever want if you just want a vassal instead of countless revolts, but their at your mercy impossible on a phone i have never put my money in mobile game. However, I just decided to download a full version and i am ready to go. A little confusing but it does not have too much eras that I want, I want you to add the american revolution and ww2, I also want you to make rebels rebel easier in foreign countries, but overall it's a very good game. 5 stars, one of the best android games ever, but needs optimization and bug fixing great game very lagy it froze my phone for a good min before i could close the app. my phone is fairly new and i expected a game like this to run smooth. hoi 4 on mobile with turn base mechanic it's one hell of an amazing game,but im giving it 4 stars because the game starts becoming laggy and wont save normaly when i get to 2600 turns or so Great strategy experience. Full detailed gameplay. must buy if ur looking for a great strategy game. The game is very good and very addictive but currently there are some major bugs that make it very difficult. The main one for me is that most of the time on both manual save and autosave it looks like its saving but actually isn't, so you play for hours and then come back to it and it has lost all that progress - very frustrating. Better than hoi4 , thank you so much for the game , played since day 1 . But, can u please add ww1 plss.Best strategy game 😁😁😁😎😎 the game have a big bug.When i go for turn 1734 the game crashed, fixed the bug that the game is very addicted love this game but I dont know how to turn the fortress or watch tower size down because I cant see anything over it if you could help me it would be awesome thanks Game is great except a few concepts need fleshing out. There should be a system of puppeting countries, so instead of large wars causing alot of border gore, large regions should be turned into puppets/vassals that automatically join the alliance country who contributed the most to the war. This should be done by having those who contributed to the war being able to vote with other involved nations on which provinces to take . (just do it similar to Hoi4 since I cant fit my entire point) its ok because im on a laptop and cant cleatr data cache Still the best strategy game out there, but there are a number of issues. Few are actually that problematic except for the fact that all of a sudden, none of my saved games load. I have a game on there where I reached upwards of 1k provinces and spent a l whole lot of time working on it and now it refuses to load. Didn't work on my kindle fire hd 10. This game is awsome crashing every time I open the game or try to change any settings I liked the 1st game but this version has way to many crashing problems hitting refund now This may be an impressive game, but it is impossible for me to evaluate because the UI is completely unusable on mobile. Lag, unintuitive control placement, dark on dark display all add up to a frustrating experience. A straight port of a desktop 4X game would have been more playable. rip off of europa good game all around. however it tends to crash on me for no resin. and when i got to a sertin point in the game it would nolonger save my progress.so i had to uninstall. if thats a problem that can be fixed, i would be able to enjoy the game more. Well the game is awesome but extremely buggy, I loved playing it but when saving it stops for about 30 seconds and sometimes it auto saves turn after turn, therefore making it unplayable but to make it worse, they are not even saving leaving me 100 turns down the drain Please give this comment a thought and improve if possible Cheers it is confusing at first, but a great game once you understand it. Bagus, namun kadang terlalu bosan karena lawannya AI, apa tidak bisa multiplayer ? it looks like a fun game and compared to your older work i bet it is. but the ui and all of that game fiddling makes it uncomfortable to play. Great game the only minor problem is that eastern german provinces are not named correctly for the historcal era for example in 1440,1800 and 1936 Köningsberg is called kalingrad which makes no historical sense the same goes for Danzig, Breslau, Oppelin, Stettin, Allenstein, Küstrin and Marburg. Please fix this is would improve the experience. Way too complicated, especially compared to v1 good game love the game. I just have a problem with the game crashing a lot. can you please fix that. Overall the game is great. Just try to find or create a flag of a nation corresponding to its style of government (I.e Communist Great Britain). I suggest you also add a ww1 scenario as well. Thanks for considering :) EDIT: Btw please fix the bug where, once you've created your own leader, you click on the save button to save but it doesn't and you lost the new leader you created boring. this game was perfect because it was easy. great worth the price The zoom is to sentsv When i zoom out why do the screen glicth pls fix i paid good money the game is great what would make it even better is if there were community created scenarios Started off looking like a great game, reminds me very much of Crusader Kings. However I encountered a bug where all the menus disappear and the UI basically stops working. Can't fix it with an uninstall/reinstall and no guides online to explain how to fix. Refunded until it's fixed. Hopefully. tow bugs have found. 1) I attacked to a german province which captured by poland. i won that province but my aramy has turned to germens. (germans were in union with me) 2) even after completly caputured all provinces from enemy. some members from my union keep rejecting the peace offer. even thogh they havent captured any provices, in that war. fix this soon. even small bugs hass grate effect in long run of this game. Can't save my progress once I reach rounds 1400+ looks like this is a common problem. my device and memory aren't the issue. great potential, but obviously unplayable with a problem like this. Entertaining and customizable, pretty epic The game crashes so much and not like real military power irl..like Cuba can takeover USA.😂 Has major potential. With an imagination you can play this game for hours on end. i bought this game a couple days ago and am full on addicted, great gameplay but does need better optimization. The buttons are kinda hard to get to even with my Google pixel 3 XL so i feel bad for any small phone owners. If he keeps updating this game it could definitely be a top seller. He simply needs more funding to add things like multiplayer. The game crashes sometimes and doesn't save, pls fix. Assimilation system needs work, as it is extremely tedious and expensive to assimialate every province after every war. The tutorial is too vague and doesn't explain much and the AI is too reluctant to do trade deals. Finally, the game keeps crashing when u try to load a save. Overall it's a good game that could've been executed better. its a map game on your phone This game is way too complicated for a mobile phone. The menus are not very clear either. this app is the bomb it runs well tl a extent slows down after 50 turns. the system is well thought i love to play as england and take over irland and scotland then everyone else hates me. eccept for my new puppet britnay who thrn france declares war and with our force we take france then for some reson i give it all to britany. anyways thr ai is well thought out and its a awesome game. great I accidentally deleted my save game. I would really appreciate a trash bin feature where deleted saves stay for a few hours to reverse mistakes. I spent many hours on that save and I'm just really upset Fun game, lots of ways to play. Definitley isn't your average sandbox empire game. Game crashes. Won't even load Good lord this game is great, but the only real complaint I have is that sometimes out of no where the game will start going into next turn over and over. I tried turning on confirm next order but that did not fix the issue. But all in all I had a very good time playing the game. I don't like it. I mean, In the past I bought all versions of Age Of Civilization, but now it is not as fun as the previous ones. You take a lot of time trying to move forward and that takes away the fun of the game. Or maybe it's because the indications are not very clear and I did not understand, but so while I did not like it. Good game after updates I love the first one they came out with but with this one it lags so much it crashes my phone ever time I start a scenario There's a couple things that would make it better. The technology requirement for colonizing doesn't work and so when you try to colonize North America the native Americans have already colonized it and it makes it very weird. Making rebels for ideologies and forcing other countries to be your ideology should be added When you release vassals there's no way to pick their ideology, they're always democratic no matter what In the country maker you should be able to make flags for ideologies amazing game, I've been waiting for 2 years for this game to come out, HOWEVER there is a weird glitch I guess that doesn't let me keep going after turn 902 the next turn won't start. I uninstalled and reinstalled but nothing is going on. even spectating doesn't work. please address this issue cuz I REALLY wanna keep playing Amazing strategy war game. Worth every penny and has lots of content. You can even make your own scenarios! very large choice of options and love the small provinces but runs quite slow and does not save and keeps stopping randomly It's awesome it's worth every penny that I paid it and it costs just a penny 😂 realy good game similar to pc game. Love the update ❤️ This app is a real good game! My only suggestion was to make it a little more realistic, like traits of countries in alliances and it is harder to colonize. Another thing would to make the alliances renamable. best game ever The game keeps crashing. As a fan of AOC1 I was excited about the second one coming out but I gotta be honest, this one is far too complicated to understand. You should keep the features of creating a scenario but add the option of classic rules, this technology, happiness, wasteland stuff is very difficult to understand. This is a really fun and great game. I haven't experienced a lot of bugs. The one bug I have experienced though is with my Naples save game. Whenever I try to open it, it will load, then send me back to the main menu screen. When I try to open it, I can't progress time and the diplomacy button glitches out the screen. Great game otherwise. DESPICABLE the game has a cost and still has ads Whenever I tried to make a scenario, it dissapeared. not made for mobile. this game was clearly made for pc as it is practically impossible to play in mobile. all the controls are far too small plus the navigation is confusing too. i loved the first one but got immediately turned off by this version. Great game but it keeps crashing:( omgggg fun! love the little jokes scattered around the game. Its really good.Whenever i'm bored i always play this just to waste the time getting immersed in it.Maybe in the next update you can add the fourth crusade scenario and maybe more fictional ones. very bad game best mobile strategy game ever bruh there's a bug when you save after a long time playing the save is unplayable addictive and fun love love love the game, but countries don't have elections. not a big deal or anything but it's just a lil weird to see Abe Lincoln leading the US in 1910 when I'm playing for 500 turns. also countries don't change government at all also I noticed while in the scenario editor it's kind of annoying to change the leader of a country. but 10/10 otherwise Good, can you add a WW1 scenario and Korean war scenario? I got the full version cracked and saw how great this game was I bought all the 1st games and loved the 2nd I'd bought it because of all the effort and research put in to make this game great job. But we need ww1 pls and bit more optimization but great game. I cannot even start the game because it crashes every single time. I give three stars because i absolutely love the concept. Very good game. Finally a Mobile Grand Strategy game of this style. (But the Names of the Nations are kinda messed up). ps: I loved the flag easter egg! great game. have spent probably to long playing it. a lot like europa universalis. very in depth with about 15 scenarios. I have been mostly playing the 50 state civil war i love this game, but the 99 percentage glitch still happens even when i clear my cashe Great game the controls are abit eh but overall a very good game and worth my time and money wow This is the worst game I've ever played. The mechanics, historical inaccuracies and annoying diplomacy ruins the experience. Very fun, yet difficult. Much better than the first game. milly rock 101 good strategy game and time user if you need to waste time. great game nothing makes any sense at all but still looked good a bad port of a PC game to mobile it is a very good war game I bought all the "Age of Civilization" but this one is the best without doubt. good its ok The game is great overall, but realize that there are game-breaking save bugs (it didn't save correct game info; lost some ingame progress). it hanging a lot in even Samsung note 9 Worth the price! I am a fan of turn based map gameplay and this is no exception. If you enjoy games like Europa Universalis and Risk then this is a must have for the phone. It took a little while to get into it but once I did I loved it! Its a good game but a few Problems first its hard to put new leader's images few Designs on the New civilization you must add letters and more designs,But anyways good game 👌 Top game more downloadable scenarios may be? An amazing game. Must get! Fun and strategic, i love editor and scenario creator, but after couple plays, the game froze and didn't let me go the next turn. its a good but hard. Very amazing game. Age of civilizations 2 is worth every penny! The province is not yet 4250... and I would like to have Antarctica..... how to edit continent.....Lúcas? can you add a more simple way of making leadera because i get frustrated going in to files edit: i would also like navy and air superiority like for 1900s and above there is a air superiority and air superiority you can disrupt supply lines bomb citys and other things and with naval superiority you can blockade and that means no troops can go in on to the Sea until the blockade is broken snd the blockade can be broken by taking out ships by bombing them Brilliant game, works well. Why is there no WW1 scenario? but apart from that well worth your money Amazing gameplay, I love it! The scenarios are fun! The options for your country is fantastic. One thing, definitely add more scenarios, like WW1, American Revolution, Korean War, etc. Other than that, great game! Good game could you make it so that in a peace deal you could change that civilizations government type bug makes it unplayable:( cant declare war or interacting with any nation. before it did this it was fun. game is great, but peace negotiations ruining this i hipe that in the next update you guys make sandbox mode cam you make the units look more like hoi4 or age of empire 2 and for some reason the first ten turns are preety slow Buggy, poorly optimized. I'm having troubles with the game, the colours seem to change for no reason Such an amazing game, would recommend for anyone that loves Civ games No problems. It's an amazing mobile game 👍 The game glitches and its so slow, and i can't save my game progress. After about 25 rounds it just craches. I tested it on 3 devices and it has the same problem. nvm ily Game is fun but you need very small fingers just to press the buttons. A good game and I love it. But it often crash and I can't try the "Age of Civilization" button. Please if our civilization caught the enemy's capital, make them capitulate. Ir bring back the 3 turn rule to transfer every provinces. It's very hard to press the correct button on a s8 screen. if you enjoyed the original you'll like this one, it goes more in depth In the World War 2 scenario, it is impossible to beat Great Britain and France. All of their colonial holdings count as normal provinces making it near impossible to capitulate them. When ever I try to make peace, Great Britain always refuses and I'm stuck with most of metropolitan France under my control, but I can't end the war. Extremely annoying. Great game! unfortunately not able to play it roght now as my phone is broken, but ill be playing it 24/7 when i fix my phone 💚 No words Add more time periods. make a 100 years war period, and 1600s and 1800s colonies in Africa. other than that it is awesome. I want a refund this game is terrable for phones and to much its like there was only one developer or something not happy😠😠😠 on tablet it has great quality gameplay. though a bit complicated at first, the gameplay is amazing. I mostly play this game on my PC but i bought it on android just to support the dev. Great game with lots of potential. Hands down the most entertaining, in depth and absorbing game on mobile. 6 stars if I could, I've got so much respect for Łukasz. Thanks for developing this game! Great map game! It'll be more greater if you add historical AI actions and real life tactics (e.g. encirclement) that can change the outcome of the game? thanks! Fantastic but I think there's a bug, for some reason a bunch of AI have their research advance super quickly, like 0.1 per turn... its good. nothing else It's incredible to think that such a game exists on Google play. Thoroughly recommended for all grand strategy lovers, especially those used to paradox titles - it may not reach the complexity of pc standalones, but this game has an unmatched level of detail and options for gaming on mobile devices games fails to load every time best game ever i should stop playing this... nah I love this game but it crashes way to much >:/ disappointed as after 1600th round it doesn't save the game anymore... workaround update: whenever the save sign sticks in the top right corner, it means the game not saved and need to clear cache. more often happens 1700th round. holding circa 2000 province's it sounds fun but it contantly crashes and i want my money back ive only had it for 5 hours! The game crashes when it gets to 99% please fix this dev great game zooming in and out of the map is really crazy u zoom in on one part and it will send u somewhere else but no crash kind of hard to learn it take 8 game to fingers out and the need WW1 I love this game, it is my favorite game on PlayStore and very easy to play. I also bought it on Steam. sorry to say this but its not worth the trouble crashes to much and so confusing to get the hand of can't train troops in war the first game was better it's very cool but its annoying when u tap next turn by accident I loved the first game but this one is just too buggy and laggy for me to enjoy. perfect Great game! I've been waiting for months for it to come out, and it is a tremendous improvement over the first Age of Civ games, exceeding my expectations quite a bit. However there are some problems with bugs that need to be ironed out. I played a game as Australia, eventually expanding into the whole of Oceania, but when I try to continue this save it will not let me pull up the "Diplomacy" tab to do anything, nor will it let me hit "Next Turn." This now makes the game unplayable great game :) i cant save my game properly in my phone, the game say its saved, but when i load the game it doesnt save my last move. make it more lfriendly for low spec phone please. other than that, its a ggreat game. Amazing game for mobile devices, for my Huawei P9 Lite, the UI is a bit broken though, it's either too small to use or a bit too big to fit on the screen, this aside the game is absolutely wonderful. It could do with a WWI scenario however. it still needs A LOT of work, but it's getting there It is the best Strategic War game in the store! 5/5 10/10 ! Keep up the Great work!!! love this game. I've been waiting for it so long to come out. only thing I don't really like is the buttons are kind of small but other than that a really awesome game! Cool game but freezes a lot...impossible to keep playing. i like it Great Grand Strategy game polecam It still doesn't run on my phone, but I tried it in my ASUS and it was running smoothly. So yeah, the problem that this game needs a better CPU optimization. Only rating 3 stars because my games I've played don't save properly / cannot be loaded, and I can't seem to create custom leaders or civilizations even though I enter image names correctly. It just simply doesn't work on the Android version. Once this is fixed, this will be a daily game for me. Well I mean the game does get really boring after a while cause all LUKAS does is add scnarios Brilliant game haven't had many bugs, but be careful of the map scaling as it may cause errors but other thn that great game! It's a little laggy on my S7 edge but overall pretty good. I dont have any problems.If come across any I'll be sure to report them. love this finaly a gane for mobile like hearts of iorn 4 well woth the money I played on PC and it was amazing, even better for what is also a mobile game. it is very easy to learn but hard to master and is without doubt the most expansive grand strategy game for a mobile device This game is honestly the best mobile app EVER. There are so many scenarios to choose from and so many countries . The only problem is the 99% glitch but it is easy to fix. EDIT: The 99% glitch doesn't happen anymore. can you make this game like then old please lukasz jakowski sandbox mode population please I will give you 5 stars if you do really good worth the money An excellent strategy game, with micro mange, history setting, large file size and has crashed on occasion. Good game with great potential however too confusing and doesn't make for a good mobile game. This would be better on a computer. The screen is just too small to work for mobile. I'll buy this for steam instead. I don't know if this is a bug or not but I notice the civs do not build castles or watchtowers...If we can customize how much men it takes to conquer a province that would be nice. I also had this idea, a siege mehanic, where if there is a castle, there is a chance the enemy on that province can or cannot take it per turn like castle level 1 would be 80/20 level 2 would be 90/10 to simulate sieges. Just a thought. Having lota of fun so far. Great game! Aweful. Love the first game, but this game won't even install. Wasted ~£5 and can't refund. :( The game is honestly amazing! To make it short: The game is a lot of fun even though some parts feel rough and unrefined. It's definitely worth the money but get it for PC instead, it's almost impossible to play on a 6" Screen. It's my favorite game! The only thing I want is a world war 1 and balkan war scenarios The game is a huge upgrade from the first but I want to point out a few things that I would like to see. Plague control and fix the income tab. The income tab will make the game stop responding. Only if I press wait on my phone, the income of my civilization will be shown occasionally. Fix that and add plague control because those things are annoying as hell! perfect! just add more provinces in some smaller countries ok this my third review I know Im getting annoying it's a good game but the glitches I've are terrible when I play 1440 map and I save It keeps on saving for the rest of the game and deletes all my load games so 1440 is literally unplayable for me please fix this glitch and I'll Defintley rate this game 5 stars The game that the people wanted Avoid this game until the developer fixes it. Th game has tons of potential, but it's a way too buggy now. The games can take a very long time, so it's frustrating when you're several hours in and encounter a game breaking bug. Examples: 1. instantly almost everyone except you has max tech. 2. The worst is when the game won't save. Sometimes it will say it is saving every turn, and lags a long time like it is trying to save, but it doesn't. So you've just spent an hour or more for nothing. Great game, basically the same as the computer version. My only problem is that some of the buttons are too tiny. It is very fun a lot of nations good history and a lot of battles be awere of GERMANY WW2 great game , its mind blowing when considering that this is made by a single person , think of this as mini eu4 + mini hoi 4 + mini vici 2 Editor for create leader have a problem. Can't show added leader on list. great game, takes time to learn. Poor UI A great game with many issues in the performance after you achieve a certain level On The modern world. I Played As Russia. Every Time After 3-5 Turns It Froze And Crashes. Please Fix This You really have to play the PC version to understand all of the control's 100%.The only thing this game needs is a new user interface system, scrap the PC control's and make something new. It's fun, and engaging This game is all over the place with the controls and gives you no chance when you're a small civilization to do anything. It also doesn't let you choose which civilisation you want to be which sucks. I couldn't even complete the tutorial because it didn't explain how to do the quest I was given. Please work on making the game controls easier to use as they are very confusing at times and fix the tutorial please As always, a great game! Thank you! excellent fun. super addictive and tons of fun mechanics. Incredibly fun and addicted I love the game and can't stop playing, but i don't know how to save a city The closest you can get to a paradox game on mobile, which is about the highest praise I can give to a game. That said, this game is not defined by paradox games; it is it's own unique take on grand strategy and prioritizes player control and customization over DLC or chopping up in depth features to sell piece meal. This is a pro/con balance, as this game certainly lacks some of the depth of certain paradox games (primarily Victoria II) but allows players to build their own scenarios and more. Can you add bahasa malaysia Wonderful game . I wish there were a few things however . I wish their was better optimization This game is amazing. Who likes play strategy this is the most suitable game for him. But there's little lag during the zooming map. Fix it, please. And add new scenarios, like WW1. You should add a feature where you can send an expeditionary force or volenteers but not join a war directly. Big issue. If you have military access to a country and they declare war on you, you literally can't do anything. You can't take territory from them. They can invade you and you can't retake it. All you can do is defend your territory while the other country attacks over and over until the military access expires. Really annoying. The military access should end if you go to war with that country. Too heavily focused towards pc. Mobile ui is a disaster, near impossible to use in landscape mode on a S7. performance is bad upon zooming out on the default map. One of the best mobile games I have played it actually keeps me from playing console games turns out the problem is my old phone, got new phone and the game runs flawlessly Oh my goodness. This is HOI4 for Android literally. Its like HOI4 on mobile and it runs well. if you have a computor get HOI4 but if not this is the perfect game to have. Definitely worth the wait, nice job! i like it but there are 2 things i hate. 1: Stability. can there please be an option to turn it off? 2: when you take capitals and big cities, the country should capitulate!!! its so annoying having that one enemy army moving around so much when they have no capital or cities! plz fix this and make it more realistic. Great game on PC and now that it's mobile, it's even better that it's on mobile. Great job dev. I will say that the buttons on some ui elements are too small for my fat fingers. I've play 2 games from Paradox EU4 and Vicky 2. So I'm naturally going to compare to those games. to be honest there's a lot in this phone game to get into. and it a good time killer when you're out and about and need to beat a few minutes. It's not as complex as the paradox titles but it's a phone game so you shouldn't expect something super intricate. It's grab and go with a tutorial that shows you the ropes pretty well. I'd recommend this game. amazing as this was created by one guy Impossible to play on mobile, would play this as a pc game though. AWESOME!! GAME 🤯🤯🤯 I'm l👀king forward to more newer updates. Keep up the good work. 👍👍👍👍👍🙂 nice and big improvement from the first game! Historical events missing (?), else a complete grand strategy game on mobile (finally)! much better but there's still more that needs to be added like generals different leaders and a better way to build a military troops are way too expensive for if you want a get in get out play style like the other games you made This game is fun buh I tried to play a game or even a saved game I couldn't do anything really decide make more troops and quit the game is all I couldn't move to a next turn or even open my democracy i think you should add nuclear weapons to the game After a long wait, AOC2 is finally out. The game is so detailed that it'll be a while before you run out of things to do. nice man...nice So much fun, perhaps we can add on religions? Would recommend to buy if you like war and strategy games Since there aren't that many scenarios in this game at the moment adding the ability to upload and download scenario. Also there seems to be no way to make, edit, add pictures or change leaders on Android. I love this game but please add a cold war and ww1 scenario best strategy game on mobile phones I love this game its just it crashes sometimes and i cant save my games I've been waiting for this since the part 1 came out 11/10 Love the game, great gameplay, good graphics, good customization. I do have one complaint though, which is that it is a bit difficult to make alliances. Ill have relations over +50, and still can't make an alliance. I am aware that you can not make alliances during wars. First off this game needs to have the tiny buttons fixed. Also whenever I highlight the country I want to rule and click play it'll choose a whole other country.Example:I was trying to play as Cambodia and instead it chose The Philippines or even a country in North America.Some more scenarios would be nice as well.Also I'm having trouble with the game lagging significantly.Still all in all a good game been a fan since AOC1. Okay, this game is a poor man's paradox game. Don't go into this expecting EU4. Pros: Looks good for a mobile game Lots of fun Formable Nations Surprisingly deep mechanics Nation designer Cons: Annoying war rules: can't attack the new world if you don't share a border. As a civilized nation you cannot move through uncolonized land. Games great and worth it. Buy it now without regrets It's amazing how much deeper it is in comparison to the first one, only problem right now is that the game randomly crashes when your empire becomes really big The best phone game Still a bit buggy and the is simple but its still a good game Good game overall, but one problem. When I was trying to make a Roman Empire vs USA scenario the wasteland brush started lagging in Europe and it froze up the game. I restarted the game like 10 games and I got so mad from the frustration. I don't want the brush to lag behind and freeze up the game; I want the brush to go at the exact same speed as my finger The screen turn dark after a few turn after I 'unpause' the game. I restart the app and then... I can't load my save game (turn 425). Every thing in the game is an A++ A brilliant game so addictive but you should b able to force a union and also have aircrafts army Could you make a peaceful way of annexing vassals and a way of promoting your culture in their provinces Great game. Very simple but challenging to master. It's a good game but it won't start at all. Best £4.99 I've spent in some time. If you like turnbased strategies game then you are in for a treat, it's complex enough for a phone, it's quick to learn a long time to master. It's amazing know adverts or micro transaction. None of it makes sense, I am sorry but this game is worse than the first The closing button of the civilization menu on landscape mode is too small. To be honest I actually got what i wanted, a game where you have many options to choose from and many decisions to make. Loved it!😍 It's good but the bigger map is lagging so much. Takes alittle time to get the mechanics down, example some times I would hit the wrong vassel button and it would only set a truce and give back the enemies Providence 6 🌟 for sure Its great Really good game! Only problem at the moment is fixing the crashres and a few more features should bwe added. But still a great game! The wait was well worth it. I loved the first game and this is just so much better in every way. Great Fun Nice,you fixed another problem. And guys if you are having problems with the icon being too big, all you need to do is just change the scale of the map to x5. I hope this solves other people's problems with the map. I was really excited for this release as I loved the earlier games and have poured countless hrs into them. Unfortunately the learning curve with Age of Civilisations II is pretty steep and even once you've committed enough time to figure it out (the tutorial isn't great) the buttons are just too small for a phone and the country flags etc just too large, to the point where it actually got pretty annoying and impeded game play. I'll keep the game installed with the hope that future releases will be easier to play but for now will go back to Age of Civilsations I. AoC II is an amazing game. Simple, with just the right amount of depth. Perfect for mobile and PC This game is great Not working won't even load I like Really impressed by the hotseat scenarios and edit mode Got the PC version, made many scenarios, great to have it on mobile now too. So amazing that a single person can make a paradox level game. I love the editor. Muito bom Its just good Probably the best think in this game Lukas cares about his players. Listens our wishes and problems so what just buy it. Very good game but things having technology minimum things get very bored and tiring when starting with a small colony in the 4000+ world, as it takes a very long time to even get close to what level you need I love that you keep updating the game and really try fixing it , keep going we are with you! <3 Buttons are waaaaay too small! Trying to play it but it's difficult because of the buttons! This game might be a cheap knockoff of paradox's games, but it's a fun game that anyone could easily pick up and play while not paying a cow-load of money and still have fun. O melhor jogo de estrategia que já joguei biggest issue is that its hard to see the map because the icons that display units, forts and flags are too big I've been waiting years for this.. I was beyond happy to pay for the sequel to the best strategy mobile game I've played. Gratz to lukasz for putting his all into making such an awesome game!! Loyal fan here saying thank you 😊 Its good Łukaz thank you so much for the game I waited so long for it I was playing his games at least 3-4 years, I don't play this one yet, but I truly believe that he did a great job. 11/10 Korwa! Great turn based strategy game, only thing I'd change is allowing annexation of a vassal that you have high relations with. Great game worth the few dollars. Will keep you entertained for hours. The first one he made was great this game blows the older one out the water. Cool Thx for making it mobile Llevo desde el 2015 jugando al primero, me lo he descargado casi todas las versiones pero sin la más mínima duda confirmo que este es el mejor de todos, el más avanzado tanto como evolución política como militar lo recomiendo a un 500% Made a lot of scenario again I've been a fan of your games for a few years now. AoC2 was worth thw wait! Awesome job! This game is amazing. However, it is too laggy and it crashes really often. When I get out of the game and come back, it have to load again, and the leader editor is too laggy. I'm also confused about the terrain, the city and the relationship part. I hope this game will develop more. Also, where is the tutorial of the editor? Great game! Worth every penny! This game is amazing. Anyone who loves taking over the world, this game is for you. It's very addictive and fun. A truly marvelous and revolutionary game. Age of civilizations 2 redefines grand strategy games on mobile as a whole. It is arguably THE BEST grand strategy game on the mobile markets with its only real "competitors" being Easytech games and Realpolitiks Mobile. Only changes I think would heavily benefit the experience is online multiplayer instead of only hot seat multiplayer and an official website or method for mobile users to share their custom scenarios with the community as currently, to my knowledge there is no way for mobile users to do such a thing. Overall this game is well worth the cost and arguably the quality is worth a lot more. 10/10 The only game I play on my phone anymore. When I have the desire to play some HOI4 but am nowhere near my Laptop, this game is there to save the day. I absolutely love the Scenario Editor, as I can recreate conflicts from Alt History and other Fiction. I look forward to the iOS release and future games from this guy. To think, just one guy managed to develop this game. Truly Amazing. Its a good strategy game Great game. Not much more I can say. I would like to make a couple suggestions such as a way to upload maps and download maps made by other people, or a historical mode. One slight complaint I have, is your own puppets could outright reject your demands. I guess vassels can do that, but it doesn't seem right. I would offer 100,000s of gold for 1 province and they would still reject it, and I don't want to lower relations to send an ultimatum. Overall the best strategy game on the mobile market to be rivaled by none. I wish you good luck on your next projects. Overall Brilliant game, keep it up ar kid Great 4X strategy game on mobile AMAZING! I can tell the creator put so much time into this. Its updated regularly and overall is just an AMAZING game. Very fun and addictive I like the game but it takes forever to load up, and i lost all my scenarios Great game, very entertaining. Hope you make more historical war scenarios. Its really fun like a mini hearts of iron. It is a very good game well done! I enjoyed every bit of it espically the editor! Thanks for fixing the bug game works great again. Great game The game is still Amazing. It is really immersive to play hours on end. A perfect Sequal to a classic. The 4.99 is definately worth it. Thank you Lukasz. Some default Senario Suggestions are WW1 and Mabey The Revolutionary War. Best game on the entire app store i was in love with the first Aoc and now Aoc2 this game just gets better and better.thank you somuch for your hard work on this game every penny i spent on this game was worth it Best game ive ever played on a phone, but when you try to zoom in it teleports your screen to top of map thank you for making this game, it is the best game on mobile, even better than galimulator some of the controls on the editor are a little weird I waiting this for 2 yrs. And the best thing that i can give so far is money and 5☆ Few problems right now. Sometime sticks at 99% for loading screen, Can't save scenarios, and can't leave settings. Love the game tho It's awesome can't stop playing it but since the new update it will not load past 99% I see I am not the only one with this issue when is the next update Good Game but has a lot of gliches Love it Menu is a bit tricky but afterwards it's nice. Its been a trip watching the development through Twitter. I also bought the steam version to show some support. Keep up the great job you are doing good for one person. Best game for mobile out there. Well worth the money Veary veary good, i would buy for 30$ It's pathetic continually misses your turn and numerous other bugs DO NOT BUY The best game on android few issues though: 1. The game sometimes just bugs and spams the end turn button by itself 2. Create a city editor function doesn't work 3. Some cities are placed on a wrong province where a province gets two cities, check Yemen caluula should be in Somalia. 4. Allow us to save games in slots and create backup saves 5. Add a leader editor function is buggy 6. If you delete something in the editor function like unions you can't restore them unless you reinstall the whole game and lose your progress. Why does it get stuck when its 99%?fix this please Great strategy game. Easy to play The loading bar always get stuck on 4260 it's annoying and I have to reopen the app over and over again Simply fabulous. The game is much more indepth and amazing. I can play this game for hours. An absolute masterpiece. I would suggest though that we could at least make trade agreements with other countries or civilizations to increase income. Nevertheless 5/5 for me. Its at time laggy, but I believe it is due to the enormous amounts of available countries/civilizations around. This game takes awhile to complete and at the same time takes awhile for you to get more citizens in. But I guess it all depends on your play style Played it now and BOY IS IT AWESOME!! It's a lot more complicated than the first one, though... Which is not a bad thing, but if you just want to play a quick round, I'd stay with the first game. It is a great game. Can not wait for the next one. Keep the updates coming! I was in the first 500 people that downloaded, still needs improvements but it is the best! Please add Ummayad empire as a scenario!:) Is good Great and fun game This game is amazing! Fun game not a friendly interface tho very overwhelming if you do not know what your doing. Try the first AoC if you want to try it out if your not familiar with the game. Better than EU4 You are a great game developer keep it up man and this is coming from a long time supporter and lover of strategy games but would you be able to implement a debt and loan system where you can loan other countries money in the PC version and Android version and if it's a possibility to be able to make ships in the game The best! Great. I hope the app continues to receive updates for more scenarios in the future. Laggy when I zoom out and when I press income in map modes the game chrashes but still very cool!!!!!!👍👍👍👍👍BTW Is there gonna be a dlc if u tap you flag in information tab it filps upside down and says "want to filp back up get the dlc" so yeah is there? Ps: ik you filp back down its says "jk" Played for several hours, saving every time. Had a break, tried to load the save and it loaded something from near the start. Can't tell you how annoyed I am. Definitely an improvement over age of civilization 1. Masterpiece Great game but it would be even better if the Napoleonic era was worldwide and you added WWI Christmas came early Perfect. Everyone should pay for this game. Single best game for mobile there is. One of the best gamed out there period. Quality grand strategy game that i have been waiting for years to see. Thanks so much for creating a masterpiece. I have already put a lot of time into this game and i am so happy. 11/10 This is the only other game along with Galimulator that scratch the urge for a grand strategy mobile game. Although the game does deserve criticism on PC due to it competing with the likes of EU4 and HOI4 there, here any complaints about it being 'not a true grand strategy game' are completely unwarranted. The game was made by a single Polish indie dev, for a mobile device that cannot possibly play a PC-level GSG. The game has outperformed anything I could've imagined, and seeing how there are updates virtually everyday, fixing bugs and adding new updates, shows how much the dev cares about his community. All I hope for is that he can add some sort of way to installing mods without rooting your device. This game is outstanding, it is so well made and so in depth. The in game editor is so detailed too and besides some minor control clunkliness there isn't much to complain about. The game is like EU4, HOI4 other Paradox style Grand Strategy games in a singular mobile experience. I also appreciate that one person made it and they also clearly have a sense of humour given the title of one of their YouTube videos that uses the title of another Youtubers video clearly showing the dev got the joke. Anyway amazing game, if you like grand Strategy games play this. It'll consume a lot of time. 👌👌👌 Best mobile game in 2018 and more! Completely worth the wait - I absolutely love this game! It gives you a great bit of a strategy game where you can forge alliances, rewrite history, et cetera. I recommend that it should only be used for mobile however and it is an absolutely great timekiller! I'm not a mobile gamer myself but I put this up as one of the best games I've ever played. The Single man dev team is pushing updates out EVERYDAY to fix the problems that pop up. Everything looks a little confusing at first, but with only a few minutes you can quickly find out it's not all to bad. Much improved from the first AoC and is a bargain for only $4.99! Amazing job, The game is fantastic, I love it. This game exceeded my expectations . There are so many critical improvements and new additions compared the AOC 1 that go into so much detail . This game is more than just a strategy game to conquer all, it's got deep and unique ways to rule your starting nation such as government type , budgeting your federal spending on research, development etc. Everytime you start a game there a endless possibilities for you to choose how you want to play and rule your nation. You can spend days weeks and maybe even months on one game watching how the world revolves around you and your own nation. This is by far the best game on android in my opinion and is underpriced for the content. Lucasz you did an incredible job and it was well worth the wait for this game . Thank you for your time and effort into this game because it is my all time favourite game , its everything I've always wanted in a world map strategy game . If I could only make one suggestion that would make this game absolutely 1000/10 is different unit types, such as tanks , infantry , naval ships, aircraft etc. That is the only thing missing from this masterpiece . 9.5/10 for me , I'll be playing this for a long time :) so good Best game of it's type in Android. It's similar to PC grand strategy games but in a more simpler and faster-paced way. For $5 this game is pretty damn cheap and fun. Fun and smart AI. But crashes occasionionally. Next turn takes longer and longer to load as game progresses; have to put it down and do something else while I wait. Pp hard Hey Łukasz, I want to tell you that you've done a great job improving this game. All aspects of this game make me very happy and addicted to play this. There is one thing actually, so my phone restarted itself anytime I play a game for too long. Knowing this, I set the autosave for every 1 turn, so if my phone restarted itself, my game will not be lost. When my phone actually restarted itself, I opened the app again just to found out that my game was lost. This happened every time my phone restarted itself. Aside from my phone's problem, can you please fix this if there's a way? I'd very appreciate it. Once more, thanks for the game, Łukasz! I love this game. I have been waiting for it for 2 years now. Why are my units so big I can barely my province C'mon people this game cost too much to not have bugs worked out before launch . Game loads to 99 percent then freezes everytime There should be an update to address this.Seems like bait and switch to me.😠 Great game worth the money mobile eu4 and hoi4 just lot of bug i will recommend it to people best strategy game on the playstore period. Love the game, big fan of the first one and played for 2 years I'd say. Good memories, and I'm really glad to have something new to play! Wow! Incredible! One of the most complex games I've ever played on a phone. Has many bugs but they can be fixed easily. Well done. When I try to annex a vassal it wont let me move the slider for troops please help I just love it. Best wargame, much like hoi4. Thanks Lukasz. Unplayable I spent an hour playing and the game crashed not saving my progress the game Crashes so frequently and a normal campaign would take most of the day I started with age of civilizations one, and came back thanks due to isorrow productions. You deserve the money. You are what got me into hoi, and eu, thank you. Sometimes it crashes makes me have 5x scale but it is good Yes and not expensive Frfr this game whet no doubt Bought the game a day after it came out (I needed to get a play card) and OMG it just hooks you in all night and all day. This is so much better than hoi 4 and any other game I have played. I also got the pc version before that and I checked and saw 80 hours of playing time on that game in just a week. Thank you I totally recommend this awesome game and make sure to put the map mode to 5x or it will look very bad which the default is 1x. Big up Łukasz for making this absolutely belta game. Love you my man can't wait to see where you go next with it beautiful game Fun game have been playing for hours! Good game I like it and i buy it 5$..it great!! but please add [KH] khmer languages..please I like it and i buy it 5$..it great!! but please add [KH] khmer languages.... I like it and i buy it 5$..it great!! but please add [KH] khmer languages brother This game is amazing. Controls are easy to master and the overall experience is superb! Thank you for the game Lukasz! However, there are minor glitches, such as when the enemy refuses a peace treaty. Another glitch is whenever I zoom into the map, the map would glitch and I'd be able to see other parts of the map (such as when I zoom into Africa, I would see Scandinavia). Other than that, all is well. Thanks again! Map is a bit wonky Definitely worth $5, again another great game and the best sequel. This game has many improvements to all aspects compared to the first game best strategy game on android A very good strategy and historical game for android, no question the best strategy game on mobile I have been waiting for years for this game to come out. I have been playing AoC1 and now this jewel came out. You gotta keep in mind this is a one man game and it rises up to Paradox's EU4 and it's also on mobile. It's trully amazing. The wars are not that realistic but i don't think it's a problem. It makes the game funnier and more unpredictable😃. Good job Lukasz!!! Amazing Masterpiece This game is truly amazing. I love the cool touches like disease and stability and how everything works. Some buttons are hard to press but that's OK. Overall this game is well worth my money Love it a few fixes but still great There are abundant major improvements apparent in this game, which totally blows the first iterations out of the water. If you're a fan of strategy games, this game is a must have. Definitely the best of its kind on mobile. I very liked this game but unfortunately cant overview religion and culture It always crash when I use it and the flag do look same as the real.I hope you can fix the problem quickly. Please help fix the bug, I really love this game. Seem need a high quality phone to play Been waiting for this game for a long time and the wait was worth it. Quite fun but only issue is that it gets quite laggy when I zoom out to full map Been waiting for 1year,well done łukasz you deserve to relax for a while I played the original AoC, and I'm really enjoying the second one, but the one thing that drags me in the most... GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!!! Perfection Cannot tell ;/ Brilliant strategy game! Played the first AoC game for hours. Have played this for a bit and finding it very fiddly. When you change the sliders you need to be careful when moving down menus etc. not to go near a slider or it'll change. A thin phone stylus would probably help. However, the thought that's gone into this game is beyond. It's really realistic with being able to build things which affect growth and update technologies etc. Once I get used to the slider and that I'll be playing for hours again. Thanks. The game itself is amazing! And the fact that it's only a one man army working in this game is insane. But problems do happen like lag, crashing, bugs, and so on. I hope you can fix it. I really like it although it needs more bug fixes it is still enjoyable and fun for me This game has a big learning curve from the original but this has so much more detail. There are a few issues when zooming in to the map however the game is extremely fun once you get familiar with the gameplay. Great game I loved it but there is a massive lag when you go fullmap BUG: If my country has been rushed, I can not recruit and move any unit! (Huawei p9 lite) My opinion of the game: Its one of the best offline strategy game what Ive ever played in android. I can recommend for everbody! Amazing. I played this game and now i addicted to it 10/10 loved playing your last game and I love this. Long time fan, thanks It runs smooth though a bit lag when i full zoom out. Might need some polishing Been waiting forever. It's definitely worth the $5. Great game, can tell alot of time, effort and emotion has been put into this game. Basically adding everything the previous game didn't have I like it! But when i try to play the regular map all the flags and numbers are all too bunched up together. i am grateful for the game on Android anyway but is it possible to fix the zoom in to look at the maos clear? Also congratulations. Good for education on history! I am in United States history and now I can picture actually what it looked like during the Revolution. Amazing addicting Great game, I've been looking for a turn based grand strategy game for a long while! I love the different map options, the economic and diplomacy depth. Got it on PC as well. Thank you for this masterpiece and I hope you plan to expand it further. Everything soo good so far I saw a lot of my flags there :b but music isn't playing and the game crashes after saving in like 100 turns since you start a game Finally a good strategy game on mobile Needs a bit of optimisation and a more refined UI but overall it's great. Love the game so far. Had a few issues with crashes however I seem to have fixed it by meddling with the settings. Just curious as to weather there is a sandbox mode like in the first one yet. Not got much negative feedback on this. I love this game! Good political stuff, the supply limes I absolutely love them! If you surround enemy units, you can easily lower their morale (I don't think morale is in this game though...) and starve them! This would make it easier to eliminate them! This is an excellent game, I would 100% recommend it! One thing I would love to see in this game, is mod support. Anyway, Lukasz Jakowski, thank you for your efforts! Okay, this is epic. Was definitely worth the two year wait, what a fantastic game! Good stuff Still too laggy Been waiting for years for this wonderful day. I read a lot of reviews that people have trouble loading the game. I think this game requires more power to run it. I'm on a galaxy S9 and I haven't had a single problem except sometimes when I would zoom out on the map, it would zoom out 100% right away. Verry gutness Too glitchy. Keeps crashing Runs smooth. already bought on PC. Using Samsung Note 5. Lags a bit when i go full speed. But great game anyways! Finally a real game! Game of the year :) Best game ever!!! Loved no 1. No.2 just brings more depth wich is good! I wish u could choose mutiple units though Finally this game has come out lmao. The fact that one man has produced such an amazing game like this is just insane. Keep up the great work!!! It's a good game I'm giving this 4 stars, i would give it 5 however the game is laggy and has crashed 3 times in the half hour I have spent messing around the game. Scrolling through the map is slow due to lag and crashes whenever I touch the UI sometimes. I'm using an LG style 2+, I'm sure my phone meets the requirements. Its a shame that I can't really enjoy the game due to it crashing and lagging so much, I hope you fix this. Cheers! Love it played it on pc but can you fix the changing tabs =closing the game please I have bought this both for Computer and for my phone. It works wonderfully on my computer however, if I go full speed on my phone the game will crash. I also noticed the lag when zoomed out. I hope you can fix these problems. But I loved it anyway! Gg better than i expected , very smooth havent played a full game yet but when i do if there is any issues i will edit , thank you 😁 Absolutely amazing if you're a fan of civilization style games. Looks great, plays great, and a wonderful way to kill time. Worth every penny. Good game, love from Ethiopia! 🇪🇹 Finally oof On eof the best games of strategy I've ever played Awesome game! The reason i didn't do 5 stars, its because i dont know if its me but there is bug where Russia/Soviet union's economic score is 0 and you basically get no income and is really annoying, especially when you play as russia. Fantastic strategy game, definitely worth the price I love the game, its a great package for the price, and the mechanics are excellently crafted. It would be nice to see more variation in map scenarios, however, but this doesn't detract from the game at all. Game crashes often Incomprehensible user interface even after increasing the font size. I did not even finish the tutorial before getting fed up. This might have been a good game on PC with a big screen but on tablet - not so much. Waste of my money Good Game Good Noice Great I am a conosuer of sorts with strategy and tactics games. And this game, well I can only say its brilliant. The complex diplomactic system and nation management is impressive when compared to games like World Conqueror 4. The same cannot be said comparing to 'big boys' like Europa Universalis 4 but theres always bigger competition in the market. Overall great nov done, good game, would recomend. Pozdrowienia dla wszystkich. EXCELLENT for the price A lot like HOI4, just on a lower budget - but let that not convince you it's low-value. This is a ~$5 that feels like a $15 game I do wish you could customize the game more though - being able to just have a blank template of the world and put different civilizations where you want would be awesome Actualy good I love the game its awosome can you add naval forces a religion? I have a major problem that is after playing for some time , the next turn button will not work, pls fix it devs, ive sent an email but got no reply. One of the best games ive ever played! I love the music you added in the console commands :D EDIT: I really hope that you fix the game. Or add new things. You renamed it. Please dont just add new maps and do nothing to fix the game. Also add the old Europe map From AOH Europe. Second Edit: There is an unfair glitch where some citys in russia will destroy your economy. Well my problem is whenever i moved my troops somethimes they would go to a diffrent provence and also the ai is stuborn i wanted to make peace but the ai i allied with rejected everytime This looks like an awesome game, but I just can't get it to work on my phone. No new updates Very good game. Playing is one thing, but creating scenarios: that's the REAL fun! Great game Pretty good 🎮 I love the game PLAY THIS GAME ITS THE BEST EUROPE GAME EVER Good game guys keep it up amd maybe add a 1700s map? It looks like this could be a great game, but the controls are impossible on a phone. I can't scroll through any of the menus without changing settings. Just setting up a game is completely unintelligible. Maybe if I was on a computer with a mouse, I could move through menus well enough to figure it out, but I'm not. I'm on a phone and this is just two unwieldy. Good game can you add the full world please Has the same bugs from the previous games This game is brilliant and you should try it out! P.S There is one tiny problem with the game, you cannot delete your own made custom countries, leaders or cities, can you please allow us to delete our civilisations? I would give it 5☆ if the developer hadn't abandoned the game I would give it a 5 BUT AI IS TOO STRONG Goood fun The game is amazing but the game takes forever to download. When using wifi but good with data. And the game takes forever to load on next turn. And you have to keep buying to have a better game that's messed up but other then that it's a good game. It's been Blyatiful Its nice but need update add more disasters like earthquake tsunami tornado meteor solar flare flooding storms (it says hurricane on atlantic and typhoon for pacific) icons of the track drawer:D=depression s=tropicalstorm 1=C1 2=C2 3=C3 4=C4 5=C5 5 is blue=HYPERSTORM(200+) to do these on nature mode which will let u play as god u need coins to do the disasters could be combined with sandbox:TRUE I like the game, from experience, but I do recommend a tutorial on the controls and on what everything does and how to do things, but other than that, GREAT GAME, I mean it. But there is something I personally find stupid, and it's that when you have the territory to form a country from the other countries you conquered, that when you change to a different kind of government, you can't change back to the other one, please change please. I recomede the entire world map for free It's a very good game 10/10 recommended for mobile but sometimes the diplomacy map mode glitches and you cant acces it please fix this bug no lomgor compatible with my phone T.T A challenging experience that is loaded with customisation. The best game for real time strategy and turn basd game really fun and challenging Same thing but is Europe It is a great game but I think you should do a game with all of the continents Wolrd war 2 🇦🇷🇧🇪🇦🇷🇧🇦🇧🇫🇧🇦🇦🇹🇧🇧🇧🇧🇧🇮🇦🇹 6t It worked the first few days, now I can't play because it won't let me Game used to be really fun but now it crashes every time I start it up. Absolutely awesome! That's pretty much it. This is the best game ever to me because i get to create my own custom maps and civs Tunisia has the wrong flag as well as Norway in 2018 Modern Day senario. Add a Crusades senario. It's just like the other AOC2 but zoomed into Europe, just one thing, could you add more cities to the other provinces but otherwise it's good I love it but just one thing every time is try to play modern world Tunisia is always Tunis from 1440 And Norway is A Different Norway can you please fix it otherwise it's a great game and also in the mangage civilazations i Cant add Tunísia and Norway please fix Dope game Can i have a refund please? I didnt know i could get the full version instead of just europe Bruh this game is trash Good game Made a 1700 senario and I tried to create 2 Russian nations (not at the same time but after one didn't work) but both ones got no income and were basiclly making Russia a big punchng bag that would never fght back. Please fix this as it ruins the game for almost every senario as Russia will just die to Sweeden or someone. Saw this with Cracow, they toom over all of Russia. Fun Good make the world version on tablet Gucci Same game, different map, still fun. Only slight problem is that the map isn't as refined as AOC2. Do hope you'll make an AOC2 Asia Edition. :) I have already said my opinion about this and RedSun in Redsun review. 5 stars You state that by purchasing your premium game the ads would be removed. Why then am I still seeing ads? Why? Please fix soon or I will report this game to Google admins for stealing peoples money. Please update the premium, it is way more buggy than the free one i paid for the app now it asks me to remove ads snd pay, what is this Button layout is nothing like pictured. Sometimes it refuses to work, controls absolutely suck! It never saves proper and you can never load. You guys seriously need to work on this, and I paid for this! Should be free it's so rookie made Purchased the game. This and Red sun premium... Got new device, shows purchased. Wants me to pay again. No help when i contacted deveoper. STAY CLEAR horrible gameplay So laggy you can't play needs much work. its actually worth paying for ads but honestly its VERY amazing! i wish there a way to review the game but not enough equipment to do that heh...ANYWAYS! Great game to play on, I love it! Love it! One of the only true RTS games on mobile devices. I've played the free version for a while but decided to purchase this to support you guys. Keep up the good work! Does not start/run on Android Q beta :( best rts game ever made just like any other which released on pc. 3D Context not available due to wrong render or device not supported, are you serious?! My Phone is ROG Phone and can't be played because of this issue?! Worth a playthrough. Devs are helpful. It plays like many of the classic RTS games of the 90s but feels a bit incomplete and buggy at times. I've had some issues moving units after selecting them, I could attack, but not move. It would be great if there was some kind of description of the units and upgrades. Building things and learning what they do after isn't ideal. Overall still enjoyable to play. laggy menu..regret buying.. ilove the game but pls dont stuck always improved and update the game. Just like a short version of dune 2000. Missed that game. Now I get to play it on my phone Omg so big fix the game It's more like a prototype. Needs a lot more polish. Merely selecting units can be a pain. Just playing one skirmish will reveal problems. All my saved missions are deleted and I don't think it's fun anymore to start all over again. I need my money back ! this is one of my favorite games . Keep making it better Would be a decent rts game if the enemy didn't have capabilities you don't  have... Enemies can build anywhere in skirmishes as well as build after  they're MCV is destroyed.... Never seen such Tom foolery in an rts ever in  my life... As well as the controls being clunky as hell... It's almost if  the designer of this game never played an rts himself..... How the hell can  you win a game when your opponent can build regardless if they have an MCV  and they can build off of yours..... Digital garbage for sure the control is horrible. please improve your game control, the game mix  screen panning and unit selection drag at same time. and also mix unit  selection and attack/move command at the same time. it is such a mess the  game is so unpolished your shouldn't release it until those basic stuff are  properly fix. I dont see any difference from the regular version and this one I paid for  would give you more stars just feel like I wasted my money on this and  there is no difference.... Would love compatibility with larger phone resolutions, the massive letter  boxing is off putting, that said it's not too bad so far This game does not play nicely with the pixel 2 XL's screen. It won't let me load past the part that you pick a faction when you hit  start nothing happens Amazing game Theres a reason why the creators are called. Digital garbage Reminds me of old command and conquer, good fun Played the first 2 missions now nothing g will load Bugs everywhere! I tried to make as many troopers and tanks in the game build alot of builings. But there is a bug that your opponent can also build missle at your base location like you made anothe mcv and make a little place your sub base for mining and ypur opponent can build their building on the same place without an mcv. Also when you acidentally have 250 troopers walk past the edge of the map some will get stuck and wont move. The need to be a away to adjust the screen I have big phone screen and select screen is cut off for sum reason plz make where you can adjust the screen to you liking would be helpful I paid for this game and it's nothing different from the free version. You can't use aircraft and it limits what military vehicles you can use for example starting a match they send siege vehicles you don't have access to which paying for this game you should have access to everything. If you made it right I would have five starred because this is the like the computer game Dune 2000 I grew up playing. Bring some aircraft in different vehicles and troops and buildings for scrimish and I would 5 starr. Other than that as of right now I would like my money back. Seems buggy. Things like the Harvester landing on another and causing them to be unusable. has potential. needs more men more tanks air units. super weapons more upgrades. options in graphics lvl. options in skirmish ie unit count lvl tech. players. good game tho Impossible to launch any mission. A bit disappointed since it looked promising and not free... I am on Huawei Mate 10 Pro. I have alwase played rts it is fun entertaining and I REALLY enjoy it I also love rts land air sea any chance you developers can do updates on it if u have time to please Iv bought so many full versions they last so long keep up the good work. Awesome The controls are so bad. Sometimes you go to tell your units where to move and nothing happens. Your miner truck always gets stuck in a loop instead of just going around your units I would like my money back. This game is a mobile version of Dune 2000 Nice game Classic RTS however controls are hard since its a mobile game and we have a small screen. Unlike pc which we control via mouse. Good game I love this game,,I remember the command and conquer game and Yuri revenge Great game, got that Command & Conquer vibe. 2 issues though, the pathfinding of the units is rather clunky, they frequently get hemmed up and zigzag endlessly, and the squad keys (1 & 2) don't actually appear to assign the squads. Aside from those issues, great atmosphere. Keep up the good work! You shud add  more  units Big fan of red sun and this is just as good!! Only problem is that it's about glitchy and sometimes kicks me on to home when playing it does same with red sun.. If producers are reading this keep updating and working on both games as they could be really really good games :) Can't believe I wasted my money on this How do you get air units Fun game, steep learning curve.  Is there a manual? Update: developer, there are some bugs in skimish mode maps, havester does not working, it just only sitting near the refinery & doing nothing.  Better than redsun..as soon as i see you release this one i go straight and buy the premium..and for me its worth!! keep the great job.. p/s: it will better if you can add more voice of units and skimish mode(well the skimish could maybe available for just premium only *role eye :-D) This game is absolutely phenomenal along with redsun! Thank you for developing such an awesome combination of legit real time strategy games! I like game something like this Are you the maker of dune? (I believe thats what it was called) But phone version obviously, game style and play and units and everything is the same Good Why i cant download this app i buy this app always troubleshoot can u help Лучше, чем RedSun, прогрессируете). Поведение юнитов неплохо бы пофиксить, а то неприятные ситуации возникают Great game but could do with a skirmish would just be like c c and thats my fav game of all time thank you for making a great game . Really good game like old school games Its better than red sun. But please add background musics and improve controls. Another wonderful and engaging game from Bart. This one took me a few weeks, the grass and flowers being the most challenging. Thank you! so much nostalgia! my sister and I used to play this game on my dad's computer when we were little and would fight over who got to solve the next puzzle. I have so many fond memories playing your games with my sister, like sugar sugar & farafalla (my fav!). I was so happy to see that it's on play and the apple store so that people can still play it even though flash is dead. thank you for your incredible puzzles and amazing graphics! Nostalgia. Fun and challenging, can get a lil aggrevating but finally got them all wondering when we r going to get an update cuz i been finished for like a month a half Unique and fun. Can't wait for more levels. Excellent game. Enjoyed the five different group of levels. Finished in less than a week and will probably play again. Great for when you're bored. Easy enough so you don't get overly frustrated but challenging enough to make you have to think. Highly recommend Love it. Such a great puzzler. One of the best puzzles out there! Great game. Lots of level. Some of the higher levels are fairly straightforward though. Ahhh this game is amazing but I'm always cursed by really great original puzzle games that I can finish in a day or two. I really hope dev adds more levels ㅠㅠ he not like the banana This is probably one of the best logic puzzle games out there, challenging yet addictive. When I found me and the key the first game I found by you I was I need more games from you. Your games are amazing! When I found out that Factory Balls was getting a release on steam I instantly bought it! Congratulations on your fist successful PC release! I cannot wait to see more games from you! Found Boo first. Loved this just as much! Super fun! The puzzles can be trickier than you think, but once you get it, you really get it. I genuinely love Bart Bonte games This game and boo are awesome logical thinking puzzles. I only wish there was more of them. I complete them too quickly. I got Boo just about a year ago so decided to replay it earlier since it's nearly Halloween! This led me to find Factory Balls and I love love love it! 😀 Just like Boo but way more levels and complexity, I've just played categories A, B and some of C in pretty much one sitting as it's so addictive. I really like the concept and it could easily be applied to other themes - Christmas baubles maybe please..? 🙏🙏🙏 Fantastic game. Lots of fun and a nice brain teaser! Hoping on new levels in the future So so so good! Definitely worth the purchase. I can't wait to see what else the dev comes up with - very good work! Yaaas original and smart Played it and beat it in a couple of days (being home sick meant I had above average available time) but it was fun! And I wanted to keep playing more and more. I love the challenges, and some make you think a lot more than others but they are all able to be done so it was great. Overall I loved it and want MORE 😍 Factory balls has always been one of my favorite games. I love this app. This was a really cute game. Really fun and worth the money. Wish there was more to make. I especially liked the ones with plants. Wish there was a whole section of just grass balls. Cant wait to see your next game! I've never been as satisfied with a game and this, I remember in fifth grade I would play this on cool math for kids in the computer lab. I found the app like two days ago AND I JUST FINISHED IT!! There are plenty of levels and let me tell you, the flowers GET ME, I suppose the fact that they disappear after three waters just messed with my mind but I finally finished them all!! I'd love some more levels!! There's really nothing negative, except I just wish there were more levels!! Recently downloaded this again when I found out there were more levels. Still good and hope for more soon (minus the grass/flower ones). Very addictive, however please write what the trashcan does, I accidentally reset my progress lol. I play the first factory balls game years ago and loved it. Now that i found out there's a mobile game, i don't hesitate to install it, and still great! Always love your game bart bonte Love this challenging game. Really makes you stop and think. This game is soooo addicting, its my current favorite game! Great little puzzle game. I feel the price is justified to support a dev that produces quality content. I really like this game and have played it over and over again. But I would like extra levels. Awesome!Needs more Levels I wish there was more levels or part 2. Love it but really wish there was a color blind mode. Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic... Finished and I want more!! One of the best games ever, I'm always happy with a Bart Bonte game.. never ever been disappointed....Bart!! I NEED more!! Please please please... I must have played all levels100 timers at least.. I need more!! Bart, will you be fetching us some new balls soon? So fun, can't wait until they have more levels. This app is wonderful! I love your games! There very creative and interesting! I have now played both boo and factory balls and really enjoyed it. I want more factory ball games but google play don't have them ☹. some of the puzzles on both boo and factory balls was difficult and some easy. I must admit on occasions I got so frustrated with a puzzle I had to walk away for a few hours then come back to it. It's a fantastic fun game. Hours of puzzles. Be aware of fatigue. Don't try to solve a chapter in one sitting. This is the kind of game you need to sleep on. One thing is missing from this game: a sandbox mode. You would need a tool palette and a color pallette instead of the current arrangement, but I believe it could be done. Excellent this, is what we call it a 5 star game. love it. finished less than 2 weeks.. now downloading the color games 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 (oh and Boo is a good way to advertise,, i bought this app without even thinking after finishing boo) Lots of fun. I finished in a week. Now what!? I want more factory balls! I like the game but its just painting balls and being delivered, this is a little boring, plus if u beat the game then why bother playing it. very challenging Great game! Played the Boo! Game by Bart Brontë first and really enjoyed it then found this, which is very similar but there's a lot more of it! Some of the puzzles are pretty challenging at times too. Would recommend. Thank you! This is a fun puzzle game at first but once you figure out the mechanics it becomes repetitive. It's very cute and would probably be a fun game for puzzle inclined children A fun way to pass the time! Was a bit surprised that group A was the most difficult (with group E a distant second), but they were all entertaining. Highly addicting yet relaxing little puzzle game. 5 stars - there are 200 puzzles and I would love to see more! fun and challenging. Very fun, and can be challenging! Fun and a bit of a pattern once you get familiar with it. Great time killer. The only problem is I prefer the cute pumpkin version of the game more. (Same developer, look it up.) Lovely, simple, satisfying puzzle game. Well worth the £1.79. download Boo first for free to check out if you like the style of game.and if you do come back for this, it's got more options and levels and it's balls not pumpkins! Happily bought this after playing and finishing Boo....this one is just as fun and just as charming. Overall a great game. I do wish you could skip levels. I'm stuck on A37. Watched the hint/YouTube video numerous times but it's not "behaving" the same way...the lower left quadrant does not "grey out" like the video....sigh. Had to move on to the other sections, but dang it bugs me that A isn't finished LOL!! Please make more games like this and Boo....challenging but fun and unique! Played that game when i was younger on browser...No regrets paying this game. Waiting for more levels. I played until now almost all the Bart Bonte games and they are just brilliant. Fun, relaxing and teasing your brain. Such a simple and ingenious game. Basically you use different masking layers and paint layers to create the progressively more difficult result. Excellent puzzle game in its purest form. Brilliant game! Very very addictive, love it. Only downside is I've finished it all already, needs more levels please!! I reallllly enjoyed it at first, but what is unfortunate is that the difficulty resets at each stage (A,B,C,D,E) which makes the game a little too easy and very repetitive. I remember when I played factory balls so many years ago as a flash game online. Having this game now on my phone is such a joy and excitement for me. Thank you very much Bart! I absolutely love this game. This is the only android game in my entire life that i actually paid for, considering i don't even play games on my phone. It looks simple but gets really really challenging. I came here after finishing Boo, another incredible game in the same lines. Fantastic job Bart Bonte! A fun game that makes you think. I really enjoyed this puzzle game. The concept is simple but the possibilities are endless, and the design and graphics are excellent. Well worth the money! I've completed it now, so I hope there'll be some more levels in a future update. ah, the nostalgia. i love this game. This game is so much fun! But im totally stuck on level E18. I wish there was an option to skip levels and go on to the next one. Edit: somehow, all my progress was erased and now im stuck on E17! I can't remember how i did it! Love it... Very good concept & trains your logic thinking! Completed the game and can't wait for more new levels I wish it was possible to rate a developer, not just a game. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐for Bart Bonte! + a bonus ⭐ for the music! I used to love this game years ago because I was a dumb kid and my dad did most of it. Seeing this game brought back some nostalgia so i happily bought it One of my all time favorites. Challenging and fun, with plenty of variety. I think I've played through all levels at least 4 times now. I would love to see a Factory Balls 2 (hint hint...) Played this game when it was free and loved it. Went through a few phones since then. Will gladly pay $2 if they added more levels!!! I purchased this after playing Boo! I easily fell in love with this game and became hooked. Looking forward to updates or more games like this and Boo! Loved it! Would wake up in the middle of the night to play... Wife would get pissed off but it was too addictive! Seriously good game, worth the money - even if I did finish it in one sitting. Keep up the excellent work. This has been my favorite game! I just wish I could have paced myself when the new levels came out. I do hope there are more in store for us. Addictive, relaxing and challenging enough to keep me wanting more! Super enjoyable! Used to play this on the school computers as a kid, super super stoked to have been able to play this on my phone!! Puzzles were challenging and really fun, blew through them in a couple days. Can't wait for more! I bought this game as soon as I seen it. Loved factory balls as a kid and still love them now! :) thanks for an awesome game Highly engaging relaxed puzzler. Fun brain teaser puzzles reliant on basic spacial reasoning and pattern recognition. Great concept, but needs improvements. Please add more inputs from your other game called "boo!". It's more playful and doesn't get dreary quickly. This game got me hooked on all Bart's games. I love it!!! ❤ love Barte Bonte games, nobody does it better. Great game, like all Bart Bonte games. But...only 3 stars as no colourblind mode, so I get frustrated at level A3 already. Definitely 5/5 if this is fixed! Brilliant yet so simple. Puzzles increase in complexity and some seem impossible but the answer is always there. Love everything about this game. Will be exploring the other Bart Bonte games. 200 level is short when you enjoy the game. Found this game in kongrate and enjoy it. Hope more level will come soon. I love this game!! I used to play the Original 3 and the Christmas one all the time on Cool Math Games. I can't wait for the next update :) I love this game. Please make more levels... Or more factory ball games. I'll be glad to buy them! I love this game and I want more!! Love this game. I look forward to each and every update and replay it over and over until I get new levels. Really enjoy the game playing on konregate, when I found out they made an app I was so excited. Maybe in the future you could add the flame torch and water? Loved it years ago on pc , love it here now! Was such an awesome nostalgia trip to play factory balls again after all these years. Fantastic little puzzle game. A bit short, but thoroughly enjoyable and well worth the price. Doesn't work on galaxy s8 Everything is amazing Ok game The online version of this game is pretty cool too!! I owe Bart Bonte a debt of gratitude for bringing me many delightful hours of gaming. His puzzles are fun and original, and an excellent workout for the brain. Can't recommend highly enough. I loved this game even when it was a kongregate flash game. One complaint is that it doesn't get any more difficult after some point. Truly a master puzzler. From music to graphics to gameplay. Bart Bonte has a passion in game design that comes through in every game. If there was ever an independant designer that deserves your investment. This is he. Been playing his flash games for over a decade. Check them out. Buy this game. Fun game! I can't wait for more levels! Love this game!! I am a fan of the halloween version and I decided to try this one out. It's really fun and the puzzles are challenging. Love this game!! Honestly in my top 3 games THANK YOU!!!! I LOVE THE GAME BART!!!! So much fun. Enjoyed every minute of it. Creative game. Use belts, glasses, and other covers to paint the ball in a specific way. Very fun. I wish more levels used tools to pull apart the balls, though. Love it. Looking forward to new levels. i have not even launched the game, but i immediately purchased it on sight and i know i am going to love it. i played your game in elementary school and it made me last throughout the years :D thank you for making everyone's childhood easier Excelent game. Would love to see more puzzles of this sort. Please update with more puzzle balls!!! Love this game!!! Please??? Best game! Love it! A simple game? Concept and basic steps are simple but the complexity increases as you move along gaining skill and better problem solving experiences. There is always a way to make the factory ball, even when you are convinced that there is no way to solve it! Been there a few times. Why I like this game is it forces you in these moments to concede your approach might be at fault. You have to change your thinking to consider other possibilities. Just like you should be in life. Open. I adore Factory balls. I've played every chapter twice, maybe more Just getting to the new levels! Love it! Loved this game for years. Bought it again last night and finished a few minutes ago. Adorable game that I wish had even more levels. :) Need more levels Great puzzle game! One of my childhood favorites so fun and challenging Very fun and challenging game with loads of levels - similar to Boo! but quite a bit tricker and with about 10x the content. There are a lot more props and variations of design in this game which takes a lot more thinking. My only criticism is that some of the levels start to get a bit repetitive, and by the final set I could complete each level in about 30 seconds because I knew all the tricks for each prop. I absolutely loved it and finished every level in about 2 days, but it was worth it. Simple and elegant . Not ridiculously difficult, but still challenging. Great, well designed. Please keep making new, creative levels. another nice game. but it dose. get realy trickery but I still love it! I remember playing this game on the computer when I was younger so I pounced when I saw this. It was fun, but I finished it in about 3 hours, so i just wish there were more levels. Love this game! I finished the newly added levels, so Please, please, PLEASE add more! I absolutely love this game. No matter how many times I redo the levels, it never gets old! Took me a few (like 20-30) tries to create one of the balls in the new level. I searched in vain trying to find a cheat for it, and I'm kinda glad I didn't find one. The joy I got when I FINALLY figured it out was awesome! Keep up the good work, and please add more levels! 😊 Loved the game, Very fun and challenging but Did seem to lose its charm after so long. The levels were more difficult as it went on but didnt have much change and variety, would've liked a create your own with all the gadgets as well, but well worth the price as it keeps you busy for quite a while. Loved the Boo game a bit more for some reason too maybe since it has more of the Bart Bonte charm, in fact, thats it! While its Fun to play, eventually it feels kinda like work, like a fun job, huh? Took me a little while but finished all of the levels. Can't wait for the next update! This game was super fun. I enjoyed every second of it. Some levels were difficult, but not impossible. Can't wait for more levels! needs more levels...ASAP!!!! Quality game design, improved interface is fab. However those who've played before wont find it challenging. New challenges needed. Re-downloaded after a couple of years - new packs just felt like different colourways of the same challenges. I feel like I shouldn't be able to complete the final challenge on my 1st attempt. Need a super hard level pack. An absolutely amazing game! I love Bart Bonte games so much and this one is no exception ! I accidently finished all of the packs in a couple of days. Now I don't know what do to with myself haha! nice intro Bart more levels? Factory Ball is the most addictive,fun game Inhave ever played oncthe planet. game is okay, but not worth the money. spending 120 rupees for this is not worth it. It becomes boring, wish I could have played some levels before for free and then decided later if I want more then I could have paid for them. Want refund. One of my favorite games of all time! Loved this game online, glad I found it again as an app! Keep up the great work! This game is tricky, but it sure does train your brain. Mind boggling puzzles that you really have to think about. I beat the whole game, I feel smarter already. Thank you Bart! I loved this game please make more levels!... I enjoyed them very much. More please? I'm eager for more :-) Love this game! Great fun, no ads, no glitches. Kudos to Bonte Games. There should be some kind of obvious animation or graphic if an item failed to take effect (updated to 5 stars, appreciate developer response!) Great game... Took me approximately 4days to complete all levels. Very entertaining. The more you play, the easier it gets... I like that your games have an ending; provides a real sense of accomplishment. It's been years and this game still stands out as one of my all-time favourites. A genius puzzler with great replay value and just the right amount of difficulty. I wish there were more pure games like this. i love all of these games!!!! so glad to see them on mobile finally. i love it!! its the perfect mix of easy and challenging, and its really fun Been a fan of Bart Bonte games. I got this game after playing Boo! Superbly entertaining. When can we expect new levels, Bart? Dying to paint some more factory balls. I really enjoy all of this developers puzzles. i wish each level kept track of the number of moves made and compared it to the least number of moves needed to complete each ball. Then we could come back to the level and play it until we finished it in the least number of moves. That would make these games last longer than they do. Great game requiring logic and thinking. Only downside is once you've figured out the formula it becomes a lot less challenging. If there were more variations in future updates this would be welcomed one of my favorite games ever! i remember playing this online as a kid. oh boy, the nostalgia. really fun, kinda challenging, and super satisfying. I wish there was "freeplay" that let you make custom balls Fantastic! Wish there were more levels though! beaten A, B, C and D sets now, just awaiting an E set, is that in the works? Great to see this game on Android, was really pleased to see it and play it again. But the last two chapters were a bit of a let down. Started strong, adding the cross belts for a bit of variety, but gradually it all just felt like doing the same puzzles over and over again, in different colours and slight variations. I want to like this game more, but in the end it was just repetitive. Excellent puzzle game, really nicely pitched difficulty. No ads or extra cash demand either. I remembered this game many years ago and I still want to play it! I've played this on and off since the first set of levels came out, always great fun to play and game play keeps you engaged... Great puzzle game Yet another fantastic game by Bart Bonte. Been playing your games since early 2000s when you appeared on JayIsGames (rip). I've never once been disappointed, and this is no exception. Excellent. Just buy it. Another brilliant game from Bart Bonte. Love the different combinations of colours and patterns needed along with logic to complete the puzzles. Highly entertaining and leaves you wanting more! This is so good: relaxing, sometimes challenging and with a smooth gameplay and nice design. I play a lot of puzzle games and rarely leave reviews but this is very unique and challenging well done! Absolutely loved this game! Didn't want it to end. Bart Bonte has incredible puzzle games. I've played half so far, and enjoyed them all. Wish there were more! Nice gradation of ever increasing challenges. Fantastic little game, if you do another update please make some more difficult levels :D Love it One of the best games on here. Keep up the good work! Absolute delight. Loved it. Wish there were more levels 😁😁 Another superb game. Some of the levels require quite a bit of thought. I just finished all current levels. Bravo! Looking forward to some new levels in the next update. I really love this game. I have completed and reset the game many times to carry on the fun. Will there be any more levels? Finished all the levels, love all your games. Can't wait for more! :) Please add more difficulty :) Soo addicting. Once you get the hang of it everything becomes clear. But  the levels are still challenging. Can't wait for the next update. Best spent £1-something ever :D I think I'm addicted I'm genuinely frustrated that I finished this game, because I want to play  it for another six hours. It's simple to learn, complex and "thinky" to  play, with no stressful timers or "move counters" in sight. I can't wait  for more! I've finished all the levels :) Please add more levels soon.. Can't put this down. Enough of a challenge to keep you interested, not so  hard that it's frustrating. A masterpiece of planning ahead tactics. Highly  recommend this game New levels? Thanks man. I love this game it is a very original puzzle game,  I recommend to all. This is one of the best games, I've played! Keeps you busy in down time and  the difficulty is just enough. I can't wait for more levels from the next  update (fingers crossed is soon). All the games by the developer have been  some of my favorite i really enjoyed the factory balls boo! As well! Absolutely fantastic game. Can be quite challenging but that's a good  thing. Highly recommended to my friends. Good job Mr Bonte. Good game and addicting. Thanks for 44 more levels! That was a nice  surprise! I've actually been following Bonte games since high school, nearly a decade  ago. Never disappoints or ceases to find fun and creative games. Worth the  purchase! Bart, I love your balls! There. I've said it and I'm not taking it back.  Looking forward to playing with your balls again soon! (😉) Sublime game. Beautiful, simple, such good taste, just hard enough, never  felt arbitrary or random. More please! - updated - thanks for the new set  of levels. Love this elegant game. Looking forward to seeing what you do  next, here and elsewhere! I really enjoy this game. Can get difficult, especially the plant/flower  ones. Developer has added several updates to keep you busy! Highly  recommend. Also works flawlessly and simply. Well designed. Level 37 is in possible Who are you Bart Bonte and why are you brilliant!!! Barte Bonte have done it once again. Awesome work you guys. Hopefully to  see more. The best part is, it can be hard at times, which is a great  thing. Too good. Epic. Only sad there weren't any more and that there weren't any harder  ones. Off to get more of this developer's games Amazing game Amazing little game. For the price it's well worth it. My favourite casual game of all time! So delighted to find this on Android, having enjoyed the browser version for years, and even more delighted to see Bart's still adding new levels 😁😁😁👏👏👏 Good stuff! I love this game so much! I love this game. At times it can be very challenging, and I try to play through it every few months or so. I really enjoy the new levels with new items as well. I especially love the diagonal belts, which create so many more possibilities for patterns. I would like to see a sandbox mode in the future where you can create any pattern you desire. This was always my favorite puzzle game in high school and I still love playing it, it's great and definitely worth the money lol Brilliant puzzle game. It is well worth the money, especially for someone like me who has played Bart's games online for years free of charge.  Some really challenging levels that make you think, both in the older levels and the new update. Highly recommend! Extremely challenging puzzles that make you think and calculate how layering works. This is probably how designers create complex custom screened logos for motorcycles. UPDATE: Please can you make the zoomed view the default all the time view? Would make the game much easier to play for older users with weaker eyesite. Update 2: Latest update has new puzzle balls and is zoomed for easier viewing!! A++++++ Simple and elegant Great games as always. It was challenging to do! Bart please make more of these!! Loved it. Love all your games! Waiting for more levels! It's so cool with the all the different designs you have to make but it get harder each level I like it but not love it I have loved this game for a long time. More, please! I've always been a fan of these games since I was a teenager. As always great game. I hope there are more to come. :) Was good but was expecting it to get harder.  There aren't many challenging levels.  To solve you simply start from the middle to the top then the middle to the bottom.  The plungers and the mask stencil helped to break the cycle but more things like this would be better.  Took approx 2 hours or less to complete the whole game. Pure brilliance! At first glance it looks so simple but then logic flies out the window and you're hooked Worth every penny This is both fun and challenging. There is continuity in the puzzles but each one has its own challenge, and there is a gradual increase in the level of complexity as you go through. Great response from the developer to a minor issue I had (self-inflicted problem). WOW! This one by Bart Bonte is also  great. I love your works, Bart, thank you! Fun and engaging game. Some of the levels really make you think. The only down side is that you'll become so addicted you'll complete all the levels within a day. Very fun, I check on it every now and then for more levels. Can't put this game down. I love it. I love everything Bart Bonte does! Even if you're like me and hate paying for games, this one is worth the $1.99! The idea of this game is brilliant, but it takes until halfway through the last level to get a bit more complicated. Until then, there's a lot of repetition. All in all, though, I enjoyed playing this. Absolutely enjoyed the game! I found it after completing Boo! halloween special game. I wish there were more levels and they were  more difficult. Absolutely fantastic game. Thoroughly enjoyed every single level and well worth the measly dollar or two it costs.  Only minor issue I had is that I accidentally reset all my progress after beating all of the first set. Somehow I didn't realize the trashcan labeled "0%" would reset your progress.. Funny how stuff like that works..  I've loved Bart's games since I found them years and years ago, great work on this one buddy!! Love, love, love it!! Some levels were deceptively difficult. Wish there were more games like this. Thank you!! Absolutely love this game! Can't wait for the update - when will it be? I liked it. Level A was good with variety and some difficulty. Not much though. The others were a little easy and got finished too quickly. Please have more alternatives like the face and grass. Keep up the good work! Not enough levels for a paid app. Love it!  Looking forward to more. One of my favorite games by far.  One issue though. I completed all levels and just went back to check for new levels and all my progress is gone. Oh well I enjoyed it enougg that I don't mind replaying it all. Looking forward to more updates. Flawless game, Bart is an incredible game dev I've played a bunch of his games now. These games deserve some kind of award I used to play this all the time on a game website when I was young so I was so excited to see this here. Just wish there were more levels. This game is well worth every penny. It is unique, fun, and keeps the old brain working. Thanks, Bart, for what you do, and how well you do it. I've only begun to explore your games and expect I'll be buying at least a couple more. So glad I found you here on Google. Awwwwesome work! Thank you! If you're familiar with the PC flash game, this is more of the same. Bart knocks this one out of the park; well worth the paltry sum he's charging for it. I've seen reviews talking about updates, and I'm looking forward to them, but honestly, as much enjoyment as I've gotten out of the free levels online, the current number of paid levels here is just the icing on the cake. Well done, Bart - I'm looking forward to more! Play the free version(s) on his website if you have any questions about how well done his games are... you'll agree that more levels are easily worth the price here. Bart, you deserve every penny. This is fun, makes me smile and keeps them brain cells going... 😊 Worth the money. More levels please!! Clever,  moreish More levels!!! Thanks Bart for another awesome game 😁 It's gives my brain a great workout and is lots of fun. I'm a huge fan and am really looking forward to 🎈💋🍎👠❤ This is the best game I've ever played.  Quirky and fun...I'm completely in love with it.  Please add more levels!  Even though the current levels are fun to replay, I'm addicted and I can't help wanting more. My favourite part is the slight delay before the ball drops into the box. It's perfect. Absolutely love this game... difficulty pacing is perfect and it makes you think without needing "tricks".  Bart's apps are great! Fantastic logic game. I love that there's no wrong way to make the ball. As long as it looks the same when you are done, you can go through plenty of trial and error. Have loved the PC version since 2007 & the mobile version since 2013. This 2017 update is FANTASTIC. A simple premise, beautifully executed.  You very quickly pick up how to play but it holds enough challenge to not be boring.   And now Bart has added another 40 levels, excellent value. Classic game...and 40new levels! Great game.  My only caveat is that not all levels have a recycle bin.  Need to exit and reselect the level when I need a starter ball. Loved this game. One of the very few games I have completed, not because it was easy but because I didn't get bored of it. I'm hoping there will be more levels soon. Since I stumbled upon Bart's game Yellow I looked for more and tried Factory Balls. I finished those and LOVED THEM! On to the next one. Wish there was more game creators like you. Original.  Challenging.  Worth it. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐💟 Great game. I didn't want to get this game cause it cost money, now I can't believe I waited to buy it. I had so much fun, I beat the whole game in 3 days, and will keep playing to get faster. I cannot wait til part 2 and 3... I absolutely love this game! I saw the kids at school playing this on cool math and thought it would  be something I would like. I love figuring the sequence of actions. Even my grandson liked it. I can't wait for more puzzles as I have finished all levels.  Hints might be nice for when you just get stuck. Awesome game, just like I remember playing on my computer. Crashed for no reason a couple of times. Loved this game! Just wish there were more levels! :D This might be my all-time favorite Android game. I tell everyone I know that I have Factory Balls and that I spend endless hours painting them in cool designs. People are so jealous until they realise that they can have Factory Balls too! One day everyone will go nuts for Factory Balls! This is one of my favorite bart bonte games.  All of his games are great. Very addictive and a great way to pass the time! Used to play this online all the time back when I was in school. Levels can be quite challenging but fun to figure out. Glad I spent the money on it! Just as I remembered. I love factory balls, I play it at school in the computer lab and I wanted to play it more so I got it on my tablet and I love it Love all of Bart Bonte's ingenious apps -- this is one of my favorites ☺️ Super addictive fun and challenging. I've played all the  Web versions and love them. Wish there were more on the mobile app. I ♡♡♡♡♡the game. Everyone should get it. 100 out of 10.   :) This game is so fun. Well worth it This game is the best Absolutely loved it, worked well and challenging but my only complaint is not enough levels and finished it in less than 2 hours since i bought it also addictive Wish that there were more levels. So fun and engaging I like it. its tricky but fun I love this game. I played on computer & was glad when it came to mobile. Keep making more levels! :D FUN Everything is perfect its only that it cost $1.20 Bought it because I liked his box game. Finally something that takes more than 2 seconds of thought!  I'm enjoying being challenged.... make more! Enjoyed it very much, but solved all levels so fast. Waiting for the new levels! Used to play this game a while back and I loved it now I bought it and love it still. Definitly worth a buy for the keen puzzler Tip: try and find the bottom layer of colour and add it up. I'm on level 31 already and only got it today. Need more Awesome game. Challenging and entertaining. Never gets boring. I need more levels!!!!! Also a free play option would be cool Didn't there used to be several other levels?  Seems to me like there were other factory balls apps. I played this game on the internet and loved it. Finished all the levels in one day add more! I love factory balls, I just wish it had more levels since I've beaten them all! Glitched lv 4 it wont let me pass the level As a tech elementary teacher, this game engages kids minds and helps them problem solve. This is just how engineers think! I love the game. I just wish the orientation wasn't locked, and that the game included all of the online flash games' levels. I played this through years ago as a web app. Zoomed through it again in maybe an hour tonight? Works just as beautifully on Android, and the puzzles are fun and complex, without stumping me. Yay! -- New levels? Bring it on!! :D You'll love it Please Found and finished the extra levels in a single sitting just couldn't put it down once I started, more levels please love this game. This game was super fun and challenging. I really would like to see more levels. I'm hoping that maybe you could have 2 skinny vertical and 2 skinny horizontal belts to make more variety of patterns! Or how about flowers and grass on the levels with belts? Maybe a factory balls workshop, where you can build your own balls? thanks for doing a great job! Bought the app love the game but beat the entire thing in a day they need to add a lot more levels possibly even a game map/path unlocking levels as you go. PLEASE add more! I will gladly change review to 5 stars when levels are added. Yeahhh Really makes you think. My 11 year old loves it too! Please make more levels. The only thing I don't like about it is it costs money I can't wait for more levels! So good! Really hoping for a factory balls 2! I used to play this game on the computer all the time, so I was really excited when I saw it was available as an app. It was just as fun and challenging as I remembered, and I loved it! Hoping for more levels soon! Love this game.  Well worth the money.  Only wish there were more levels!!! Great game, loved it...there should be way more levels tho...like in candy crush how there are thousands of levels...no kidding...my mom is on level 2,000 something....other than how many levels this game is awesome this is the best the day i got it  i was almost done whith the bones  levels best game ever Fun game, doesn't require a bunch of permissions and steal my info. Never crashed, challenging, very awesome game! Makes you think in a completely different way. I'm usually very hesitant about paying for games with the chance that I could be disappointed...however this game is worth it...entertaining and really makes you think about the moves....really hope to see new levels in the future Please add more levels. I love it So glad you created the app. We cant wait for the next Great hame! ! C! I have 4 dollars set aside for part 2,3,4, and 5.. Please bring them to android!!! Ill give you moneys!! XD Just keep adding new levels and it will be perfect! I would happily pay for new levels, I guess. Also, a mode where you could use all the tools to create and save your own levels or balls sounds really fun! Sometimes I waste a little time painting the balls to see what I can do. Love the new levels keep playing over and over can't wait for more Awesome game. Love being able to play it on my phone. Hopefully it will get more levels. Really enjoyed this puzzle app my 9 year old daughter loves it too, can't wait for more levels. I love this game is a thinking game but worth the money I suggest you get this game IT'S AWSOME!  there's no ads witch is good you get to play the game with no distraction EVEN FREE BONUS LEVELS!! I have seen other people play it I wanted it so bad and finally got it. I know my description has what happened in my life when it came. Great game, not enough levels, only took me an hour or 2 to finish. More levels please! !! I love playing this game. It took me 3 hours to complete the whole game including bonus levels! This is a great logic game, you really have to think and use your brain in order to complete the levels! My 6 year daughter loves this game and she does really good. She has completed 20 levels so far by herself!!!! It's amazing to see how smart she is!!!! Overall Great Game and Concept! Must install this game; it's a blast to play!!!! I want more levels please!!!!! Love this game...very addicting. Please add more levels!!! Thoroughly enjoyed. More levels please 😀 I've deleted my progress to start over so many times. I am so happy about the new levels! Thank you Bart Bonte!! Had this game then lost it I wanted it back and took me for ever to find it great game btw Big fan when it was a flash game, still just as good as an app! Thanks heaps. Loved it Love this game, it's good to see it getting an update. Fiendishly clever puzzles :-) Awesome! This is the game that made me aware of Bonte Games in 2007, still playing it 8 years later. Fantastic game. would buy an expansion if it were available and priced similarly.  if you like a simple puzzler with pretty consistent mechanics you can't go wrong here.  once you've learned all the mechanics (around level 20 the last new thing is introduced, though the entire game is pretty unique) it steadily gets more difficult, but never truly stumping. :) Level 37 is so hard!Its impossible I was happy I got to play it on pc but now on mobile??  I can play wherever I want!!!!  Thanks Bart Love this game since hs Very addicting Keeps saying error whenever I try to open it I was on 1 level for 1week then when I got to the next evel it was even harder I am still on it  I have been on it for 1mounth LOVE IT It got boring and had barely and levels This game is hard at some times but some its easy Fun fun fun wish u had more levels! When will there be factory balls 2???? I loved this. Clever. Clean interface. Like another user said, though, I finished all the levels in one sitting. Please put out more levels! This game is a great game but is hard Love this game, only problem is that i completed it in 2 hours and I don't think you should have to pay for it! Great game though! I love this game it is fun i play it in technology class but it takes a long time to download Awesome game! This is a great game exactly what i expected and very challenging!! An all around fun game. Just disappointed i finished within a day. Dont hesitate to get it! Very challenging and fun but to the developers u need more levels i uninstalled because i finished the game:( Very fun game! I'm hoping for an update with more levels. I love this game, one of the best puzzle games I've ever played. ...but it's too small! I finished all 44 levels in one hour... please update Best game ever Brilliant Want a refund its so boring needs more levels Amazing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Somewhat of a challenge and I love it :) I love this game This is one of my all time favorite games! I wish Mr. Bonte would develop additional Factory Ball games for Google Play. I loved this game and dearly wish I could find more like it! That said after paying for a game I was exceedingly disappointed when after completing level 44 I get the good old congratulations your done check out our other games. Quite an interesting game When I first saw this game only had 44 levels I was a bit apprehensive about how much fun it would be.  I like games that are engaging and make me think while not being so hard that I get frustrated and give up.  That being said, this game took me months to beat.  It was engaging, fun and one of the hardest games I've played to date.  Beating it was the best experience I've ever had with any game.  I literally cheered out loud.   This game forces you to think 3 dimensionally while keeping you engaged .  Every level you go through is intriguing and makes you want to keep going.  I love this game.  If I could give it 10 stars I would. Might be more fun if it updated regularly They don't even make the game possible and if I was a kid I would cry:( I really like the simplicity of the game. The beauty is in the logic. simple to control but some levels extremely difficult. A real mind game!  ...but really could do with more levels.  Still nice game to play. I've always loved this game online, but I really think more levels need to be added regularly to the app. Why make people pay for it if they can only enjoy 44 very short levels in about 10 or 20 minutes? I want a continuous game if I'm going to have to pay for it! This seemed like a snap until the last 10 levels. Anyway, love it, worth the money, but would like to see more levels added in the future. Awesome Much addicted. Very fun Many color Wow If u got skill get this game. Awsome game!!!!!!!!!!!! Always fun. For those who say its no work, go burn your samsung and buy LG just a black screen! I love this game but I got stuck on this one level!!!! Only 45 mediocre levels. Really? Why? So much potential... Not worth it if you are hoping to pay for a game to get at least an afternoon of fun out of it... I mean, maybe if a child is playing...  Hope there's update sometime soon... There is a PC flash game that is this exact same game for free. This has no extra levels no extra content. Not worth 99 cents unless more levels are created. 1 star till more levels are made for mobile specific app.  -edit- There are 4 Factory Balls games... I beat this game in a matter of 30 minutes or so, may not have been the exact same game from a PC game but it definitely uses most if not all of the level designs from the previous games Simple and inventive I love all Bart Bonte games and this one is no exception. I will say that the ideas from the previous reviewers about adding a shape and an editor so we can submit levels greatly appeals to me. Would you consider them? I am absolutely, positively, COMPLETELY in love with this game!!! Bought it 2 days ago and have already finished all the levels and DESPERATELY want more!!! Have you considered making an editor so people can create their own levels? Perhaps make it possible to submit them and then you could pick all the best ones and release them as optional level add on packs? A lot of my favorite Palm games used to do that and I've often wished Android games would do the same. Put all your loyal fans to work for you!!! This was a fun game, but I am kicking myself for paying for limited levels. Really fun s little tricky on some leavels but really fun:D!!!!! Wonderful brain teaser, only thing else I could say is I hope dev offers a second set of puzzles for sale. Definitely one of the better games I have bought. The game is possibly one of the most addicting games I have ever played. There is one major flaw: it is way too short. Total game time is less than an hour. I would love to give 5 stars, but I can't until more levels are added For some reason i couldn't install in in my tab. The download stops in 100% then doesn't install. Please fix. The only thing that you need to know is that this same game (and four sequels) are online for free. But it's fantastic to have it mobile! It is super fun, just challenging enough, and has great replay value. I love this game, I've completed all 4 versions plus the Xmas special on the computer and this version for android was well worth the money bit hopefully there will be an update soon? Cool game Great mind puzzle! Looking forward to more levels. Absolutely challenging to play, makes you think. I will give it 5 stars when there's more levels, and the name is fun to say! I have long between a fan of factory balls on the pc. My only suggestion for improvement would be to add more levels occasionally! I'd spend my 69pence on this game any day. So much better on mobile with touch screen. Does need more levels but thoroughly enjoyed the ones provided. What a bargain!! Superb game. Just needs an extra level pack. I hope it will come soon, since I finished the game in 2 hours. :) Nice puzzle with nice graphics but over quickly and I'm not sure how much more it could be extended. Looking forward to an update. I purchased this game last night and when I opened it all that was on my screen were brown and blue lines. So needless to say I have wasted .99 because I can't play the game !!!  So could someone tell me how I can fix this, please ? We need more levels. We have to have moar! Great game, only thing I'd change is the zoom. Wish it toggled instead of temporarily zoomed while holding. I'd love an all time zoom option. Love this game! Stuck on 37...any tips? Please? But needs more levels. I've been a big fan of Bart Bonte's games for some years now. I've enjoyed and completed nearly all of them. When I saw that he'd put out an Android app I couldn't wait to buy it. I was not disappointed. Same high quality I've come to expect. I only wish there were more levels. Good replay value though. I hope more games will follow! Totally awesome puzzle game. Took me much longer than an hour unlike some geniuses. I must be dumb. But it's a great game. Needs ALOT more levels, then it'll be 5 stars After being a big fan and playing all your games on kongregate. I feel there are no new levels each and everyone feels like it was used atleast once between factory balls 1 through 4...and those were free. I am not upset at the 99 cents price tag, if you enjoy a persons work tip them. I do it all the time with kreds on kongregate. Amazing. I really liked this game, if you are a puzzle fan then you will love this. The worse puzzle was the last one. As many have said this game is pretty short. Its till worth the .99 though. I think the game has decent replay value but the game down for a few run back through the puzzles If you've played all online & free then you'll finish this in 10mins. Too easy. Not a lot new to it. If you've never played before then it's worth the .99c to play. It's an enjoyable puzzle game that can make you frustrated yet happy once you work it out. Keep up the good work! Needs levels! :( Could do with more levels though. Although it would have been 5* xx But definitely need more lvls ... and more stuff to be added ... like another shape or smthnig else Fun and entertaining, worth the money BUT definitely needs more levels! I'm a sucker for puzzle games and this one takes the cake. Factory balls has been a fave flash game of mine for awhile now and it works perfectly on android! Can't wait for more levels! (if that's happening) Highly addictive, logical rules. I'd really like to see more levels. I love that it's not as easy as it looks and it's challenging.  For me, it was worth the $.99! Fun game but needs some more levels, for finished pretty quick wanting to do more patterns. Simply fun. Very short, however, finished the whole game in a couple of hours. Less than an hour of gameplay. Well done like the way to implement it would recommend anyone want a simple time killer. It needs more levels and more challenging things... But I love this game... So addicting. It stops unexpectedly on the device i use please fix and ill rate higher The game is cool and interesting, but it needs more levels which are more challenging since I was able to complete all the 44 levels in a hour I played the hell out the PC versions so i am a very experienced player of Factory Balls. I beat this game in like 30 mins. And I don't regret buying it for dollar for one second. But please add more levels. PLEASE!. THIS GAME IS WAY TO FUN for it to have only 44 levels. I am just glad that the game was released by the REAL Dev "Bart Bonte". And those fake Chinese versions of factory balls were takin off the play store. Really makes you think! Lovely design and challenging levels well worth the money. Brilliant game, I've completed it, please add more levels, 5 stars Great game 5 stars but im stuck on 37 its almost impossible Very good game... but I want more.... This game is awesome! I loved the 3 Factory Balls games, including the Christmas edition, online. I play them very often, so I got used to solving the hardest ball patterns (which are on the Christmas edition if you ask me) in an instant. That being said, it's obvious that the ball patterns are taken from the 4 Factory Balls online games, so fans of the game have an upper-hand. I finished the game in 20 min. I always enjoy coming to get my brain juices going. Would be super stoked if more levels were added. Wow! I didn't know what l was getting into when l bought this!.....it's refreshingly different.        The music sets the perfect tone to the game; a game that makes you think in different ways - ways that you don't normally think. I can play this for hours on end  Just cannot put it down! Come join the experience..... On the internet it is really good but on the tablet it is much better but I don't know wht Five stars I was going to deduct a star because it took only about an hour to finish, but since the game was so addictive I had to give it 5 Sweet game Very very addicting. A great mind perception exercise. This game is not only challenging but also fun, pushing your brain to think in ways it never has before. Please add more levels? I'll even pay for them!! I've played all the online versions and I wanted to support Bart Bonte so I downloaded this. I finished the 44 levels already, so I hope there will be more levels in updates! Great game, managed to complete it finally.. please bring out another! This is a fast and fun game. I download it because I was bored at the Dr. Office. Little did I know I would be playing it for the rest of the day I past level 31 and now I am in level 32 good game to play it makes you think a lot I love this game I just bought it and have sat and played until level 31 but I've stopped coz I was stuck :) Cool game!!! Totally addicted to the original game, love that there's finally a mobile version! And I'm always glad for a developer that doesn't ignore their android using fans! And now I'm going to sit here and pray to every known god/goddess in the known universe for more levels... Fantastic game! So glad its on mobile now! Good Game Worst game ever Good effort but not quite there. It's not a polished game but i love that someone is trying to re make red alert. Bugs in deploying buildings makes game impossible to play but you become defeated. In freequent cases after building is ready for deployment it disappears or very far off to the edge of the screen you would not able to click and drag back into the visible regions. Zhitta Might be ok, but first level is awful. No instructions and little guidance. Deleted after a frustrating 10 minutes of not getting any where I have samsung z fold 2, and i can't play simple games . Game needs an update asap Despite the few bad things in this game, gotta admit whoever love RTS games must have this, i've bought both this Expanse, a real premium strategy games like old PC rts. No IAP like new crappy rts for mobile. It's all about fun and have a good game. Good game if u miss command and conquor Awesome Very suck game..always lag.. why i dont get my rewards when i get a victory and when i play other people they have those perks? The get button dont work period. I love this game but i feel like im getting tooken advantage of. Still need those perks they be lighting me up dropping packages. Pretty good throwback to Red Alert. Miss the old sound effects :) Controls sometimes a bit fiddley but manageable and I'm hooked. English language absolutely sucks, already put off from playing it. Not recommended for English players, if I paid full I'd of refunded but it was only 70p. Just wish there were bigger scrim maps It needs so much improvement 1st add a patrol button so units can patrol certain areas 2nd you need to make better graphics not 4k make it just perfect to be easily understood 3rd add more teams like japan russia alliance add more 4th why there are no normal troops like a normal rifleman why a tesla man and lastly add descriptions to the buildings troops upgrade etc show the maximum range of the turret dont make it so that people will understand it manually this is a paid game Reminds me of the good old days playing command and conquer. You need to buy the upgrades to get the most out of the game, but they are inexpensive. It's just like the free game do not buy it's a waste of money Decent enough deff alot like the old C&C Red Alert. However the troops u build sometimes have a mind of their own. They also ignore terrain sometimes, which can screw you in pvp games. reminds me of starcraft it just needs some fine tuning for mobile application pls add more ai in skirmish team mode. You have been true to your name! This game is utterly Garbage! The game have serius problems...it always say sync error and always slow fak it! *Needs a glossary* I like rts but wish it was a little more infomative in game about what everything is when you're buying and not just a picture Good game The game wont let me progress as it keeps saying no internet access. This is very frustrating as why need internet to progress through game. Also, I do have internet. Что так сложно?))) Like I remember. Awesome Ugly Super This game could be incredible but it has unit selection bugs. I really think it would be worth your time fixing this big but yet small problem Even after buying it, you still pay to play. It's a great game but I noticed that in the campaign info in the beginning and maybe through for all it says fractions instead of factions just wanted to let you know otherwise I have nothing to complain about and also thanks for making such a great game!👌👌👍👍👏👏🥇🥇✔️✔️✅✅☑️☑️🆒🆒💯💯💎💎👑👑❕❕❗❗‼️‼️⭐⭐🌟🌟💫💫✨✨🌠🌠☄️☄️🔥🔥😎😎 I cannot play my j 7 at limited time mission kenapa tentaranya suka nyerang sendiri tolong di perbaiki lagi fun knock off command and counquer red alert 1 which happens to be my favorite. needs some bugs worked out a little more interation between the fights for example the units turning a little better while shooting eachother and more other then that good work. Command and conquer, awesome on the note 9. Great game Fun game, some tool tips on what does what would be nice. Often won't select something that i tap. Gotta do it 20x before it will build as it seems to think I'm scrolling. rts games suck on mobile just wish EA didn't cancel the CNC universe great game I just wish we had more maps I just wondering why some players already had advance arsenal in an 2min mark of the game.... Is it a bug or a cheat.... Kindly response cause this game have a lot of potential if it makes a fare game Pls.include tutorial for this Could be so much enjoyable if I hadn't to fight the controls instead od the oponent. super fun!! I have been looking for game like this..reminds me of the old desktop gaming days. It could use some fine tuning in the control area but other than that I highly recommend it..I recomend the buying the ad free version. loved it must download its just a phone im using The game is a nice return to classic RTS games however, the controls need improvement such as unit selection, unit pathfinding, map scrolling and tooltips. Actually a great price but, needs work. Amazing game i've ever played so far. Why aren't the graphics better after all these years? Also why isn't this an actual port, why isn't this the actual game from back in the day? When i touch a building or unit why is it not highlighted? i love it the game I have purchased both Expanse and Redsun. Both games are good. I wish that Expanse had more of a multiplayer thing going on like Redsun does... But that's not important. What I really need is the ability to set groups and waypoints for my units. In both games these features are non existent. And to make things even worse Redsun PC players can do these things! This is something that needs to be fixed if the game truly hopes to be a multiplayer-crossplatform game. Other than that good game. Amazing. Reminds me of my C&C Red alert days! Games great especially for a mobile game. Fyi there is a current glitch I've noticed if you use the Russian commando and call in the bomb run you automatically win the mission. I assume because it's so frightening the game just decided you won C&C This is the first game I spent money on and it's worth it graphic could do better but other wise perfect Hey EA, are you watching this? This is how you do it. The closest game I've found to the original c&c games. I was looking for my in game map but there is none. Pls help me. crashing and gameplay is slow.. nothing good actually Hard! But, but great fun. Highly recommended. By far the best rts on android. Command & Conquer - inspired rts. Has great control which is the most important part. A short campaign but plenty of multiplayer maps and already had some great online experiences. Premium version is a much better experience. This is my first time playing pc trs game. So fine so good thats all. Waste of money. .. i want my money back Great game, a little buggy but hey what do you expect for $1 This is so far the best RTS android game I've played. Played it in 2016 when it was still under developement. Dissapointment in C&C Rivals sent me back to check up on the finished product. Very well done. I like the old UI which has a panel and a map in the right side, please put and option to use the old UI because it feels more comfortable to my phone :)  Also more maps, by the way this game is lit! Gonna play this for long time, more power to the devs! Good games i love this game thank to creator this games,,plss next update more maps in offline mission thank resun RTS Game can't tell the difference between scrolling and selecting, load previous is pants The old version was more reliable please more Map for offline mission Nice game. There are some gliches. Bugs and stuff. When moving a unit at fog it still  darkens. Also the controls are very hard to do. Just keep it simple. Wow Nice work My fingers have to be smaller for the selection box feature to even work.  not to mention that you still scroll the map while using the selection box.  I've never been more regretful of wasting $2 in my life. you haven't earned  my money, and I want it back. I love the game can't wait for more updates !! This is complete garbage don't waste your time Why my Campaign keeps getting deleted everytime , that's the second app I  purchases and they both does the same thing . It's not fun anymore to start  all over again , I would like my money back plz! Add auto fire to our troops so it will be easy Game a little glitchy when it comes down to the controls and where your  units move to be honest complete rip-off of C&C. but still fun!  surprisingly EA's not suing these guys for a copyright infringement but all  in all i enjoy the game. Way better than the new Red Alert from the makers of PUBG, retains the classic RTS graphics of yesteryear and can be played offline which is a  must for both free and paid games. Not enough info about the buildings, units, and upgrades. Still fun though Great potential, but if you have a higher resolution phone, everything is  way to small, making moving units frusterating if not impossible at times.  Ai pathing is garbage, and the tutorial does not tell you how to get higher  level units besides just base units. Still love this game.  It is so much like command and conquer. WoW nice improvement with the game graphic Please update and bug fix  It's fun game but alot of bug now The requests i have are make japan playable in skirmish - make skirmish three player so all three factions can fight - make more skirmish maps - great game No wonder is called Digital garbage.... I want a refund. Terrible gameplay, sounds, graphics, comtrols Has potential but enemy is able to destroy my tanks in one shot. I throw everything I have at it and can't destroy a single missile turret. And that is just the tutorial which I cannot finish. It's just too hard! Otherwise would be a great starcraft substitute. I tried to contact publisher but had no response. love the game. could do with more troops for the factions. also how do you build custom maps or download Kirov Reoprting! Keep up the good work will look forward to seeing what u csn do with the game as its the only rts worth playing Huge potential. Just like C&C. would like to see more maps or figure out how to make my own. Would be nice to see unit stats (dps, health, cost, sell value etc). More maps is a big one. Well made, worth premium. Game play like cnc Not sure why your units can cross from lower terrain to higher terrain.. 1 and 2 numbers are useless. You cant group a unit then put a number on them. No option on game play that will enable you to select all units with just a click of a button but instead you need to tap with both of your fingers on the screen to select all the units you want. Th e game had no options if you want to restart the campaign. You cant save your game in the middle of the campaign nor can you load a game you have saved.. also the enemy tend to counter attack with their superweapon and target  your superweapon when you use it. AI is prerty lame even on the hardest level. AI can still build buildings even if you manage to destroy their construction yard. Long range unit tend to fire on short distance, and you cant command a miner where you want thembl to mine ores. pretty much disappointed with purchasing this  game. Not worth buying. 😤 Are the purchasable bots a permanent unit to buy?. The resource collector wouldn't deposit resources. I'm disappointed. What a waste of money! Man u guys made my day .Thanks keep up the great work.... I love this kind of game but there's few things that make this game rate a little bit down. The control is small, I play the game and it has bug, please fix the bug. And I don't care much about graphic. If you know cc red alert and thinking this is same as that, then hell no. This is thrash compare to red alert 3 Aweful game. Buggy controls, none of the troop control commands work. Nice effort but uninstalled after 20 mins. Poor developers. Just bought this after playing the free version.  It needs work.  In multiplayer,  I was the only one who could build any tanks and troops.  My son couldn't build anything!   The game has potential,  but we need a manual or something that tells us what everything in the game is or does. Have to figure it out on your own, and you HAVE to fix the bugs if you're going to charge people for it. Wonderful old school rts...but a couple of minor flaws, alliance harvesters does not offload in skirmish,they just wander aimlessly ,flak cannons and artys of ussr does not work at all.and the units dissapear for some reason...we all paid for the premium version so please guys...fix this and I will rate it a 5...and thank you for a wonderfull game ...peace Has so many bugs. Unit suddenly disappearing, no confirmation when engineer took the building. Two tanks can wreck entire base. Skirmish can't pick japan. Btw. This is feedback not negative review. Thanks for the port The AI needs serious work for skirmish mode, AI builds power, refineries, barracks but that's it. Not even troops to defend the enemy base or in responce to being attacked :/.  War factory often stops producing units and needs to be rebuilt/reloaded if in campaign or a mission.  Seems to be a limit to how many units that can be selected at a time with only several being selected using a double tap instead of all of that type of unit. Engineers coming out of a troop carrier (Chinook, APC) sometimes refuse to enter enemy buildings, instead they try to run back to home base. This has the potential to be a brilliant game but it does need a lot of work done first. Enemy AI being first on the list This game is alot of fun to play, Im glad they made an rts game that is almost like command and conquer. Its tons of fun, I like this game 😊 It needs a lot of work to get to C&C level but its a great work in progress for mobile devices. Menus need simplified though for difficulty setting etc. Can t make it past the 3rd lvl enemy just keeps pumping out tanks. Can t even get the bass set up before they attack and when I do have a full base money comes too slow. They attack with 100 + tanks just to find out there is 100+ more at the enemy base Great game. I have been searching for a game like this on android for quite some time. They actually respond to complaints and advise that they will work/fix the problem/s. Awesome support team! Excellent. Reminds me of C&C. Just one drawback: you made the campaign very hard. I am on the 3rd mission and is impossible to win. The computer comes with over 50 tanks in one shot. Please increase the difficulty gradually during the campaign missions (better yet, put selectable difficulty levels). Good game,  make the AI's easier!  Add difficulty's Montanyes My favorite red alert was made by westwood, but this game captures the feel of a true old school RTS game Has a few minor problems, really just concerning translation and the interface, but overall a really solid game. Could use a variety of units though. No words to say... This is the best game I've ever played!!! btw nice update for that Japanese faction .... keep go on dev.... 👍👍👍👍 I think you need this game to beta testing we want to play the new factions It remembers me, about Red Alert series, you did a great job! It's a poor mans RedAlert. Makes me want to play RedAlert. Real good game! I bought the premium version and afew in-game purchases aswell as it's next to nothing :) Got my mate to download it earlier and we've been having games all night.. I hope the makers keep working on it and updating it as it's a right game and look forward to playing more of it :) Controls seem buggy, doesnt always select, harvester keeps stopping requiring me to remind it what its supposed to be doing... one job!! The idea is there, but its a bit frustrating to play for me, shame. Need more map and skirmish can play with 2 or 3 ai Seriously guys. Why are you guys finally the first to do this? Its perfect. Keep making these and ill be a happy camper. Seriously... Just wow... I love this game. Its what I've been looking for and it is splendid. Is there a chance to add. Auto targeting. Sometimes the troops seem to not see each other. I love this game I think you should make the multiplayer more​ than 2 people Not bad but the touch screen goes non responsive sometimes. Skirmish problem,hi man can you help me? when I play skirmish the enemy always win with a huge number of tanks,its easy to play with the Allied but its to hard for the Soviet, every time i attack the allied the unit have an elite status,how can that be? Would have bought the devs other games but this game has iap to unlock certain units. Premium version means nothing. Game is crippled If you like the original c&c you will love this version.  Great handheld fun on the go! Bought this yesterday hoping it was less buggy than the free version.  Not so.  Harvesters freeze!!!!  They don't move, and therefore don't collect resources.  Without resources, you can't but ANYTHING!!!  The computer on the other hand keeps collecting resources and building and upgrading hardware.  The free game also has the freezing harvesters issue.  Which was once my favorite RTS game is now my least favorite, as it is UNPLAYABLE in its current form.  Don't waste your money.  Wait until the free version gets fixed before spending any money on the pay version. Buy this if you like to play rts games like c&c. Its a c&c on the go for me. 😁 money back please Been playing the SUNs game for about a year now I like the upgrades and maps only thing that I'd like you guys to do is make more new units to buy and make better graphics Guns need too be bigger and better make God like units like heavy duty units make sure you get time to make this Redsun game more likely to play oh yeah this game needs more players to fight with i need too have a Redsun game but there are only a few people who play this game besides all that bloody good game Go Redsun. Original RTS... only annoying issue is your mapping... tell me how a swarm of enemy units on the third stage can freely drive over a cliff completely cutting off my defenses. let alone early game? but my units seem to struggle. plasma tanks, crusaders, rocket buggies and infantry vs 3 minutes of being a base with 10k Gross in total. they eat through everything and know where i move my MCV every time... thats a major off put. thats like swarming a base 2minutes in with mammoth tanks on c&c.   I would like to see this fixed or if possible a refund. Wish I had more space on my phone to keep this. First and only decent RTS on mobile that I've seen. this game is good but no the best on android..so far project y is #1,second imperium galactica, I think if you can put another enemy base of scorpions a new enemy for us and new base that will be good. Its a bit laggy. Moving units around is difficult at times. Have to double tap to move to a location. Selecting multiple units vis the two finger pinch should not move the map around as well. Overall its a good game but needs work. Hope the next update fixes some problems. But the allied campaign needs rebalancing Nice graphics to me thats great to creator of this game please add submarine! Great Game! Red Alert for my phone :) Very RA2 in units and very Tiberian Sun in graphics and gameplay  (which I love) good game I bought this and a few other good rts for phone good buy still good game after updates I like the way it feels make me feel like I'm playing red alert, the only complaint I have is that I don't know how to build some of the vehicles like the striker Brings back memories of red alert Redsun adalah game terbaik..tk payah susah2 gi cc semata2 nk main red arlet U mentioned there being another one of this game u was making what is it called it gunna be called Plz add walls and 2v2 Red alert and yuri 5 star This is not Digital garbage this is Digital gold! Fake Red Alert 2 awesome 😂 I've wiped out everything in mission 3 for the allies, there's nothing left to destroy but I still can't advance. I want to play the game, as it's good. But it doesn't work! Please sort this out as I'm stuck again. I bought the game but it simply wont start I really wan to play it but it wouldnt start! Ive been waiting a long time for an app like this. 2 things though... On phones it's very hard to see. There needs to be more zoom. Second, there is a lot of text that can be thinned out. I suggest maybe hiring someone to help with that. It seems english is not your first language, so maybe bringing on a native english speaker could help. I'm a developer myself so I understand that's not high on your to do list, but it could really improve your userbase. Otherwise, as an OG RA2 fan, I salute you. i keep & played this game in my phone from the first time its been listed in google play, because i believe the developer will keep maintain and update it..and now its become more better...May i suggest to developer to add this 1. add couple more bg musics, 2. add 2 or 3 other army team and last make 2, 3 or more champaign and skimish maps..i believe if its get those update it will be complete and you may focusing to new or other genre games... Need new maps in skirmish. Im loving this game anyways.hahaha just please more maps hahaha I know how to play sta games I mean rts, I used to play dune 2000 for computer way back in the day it was awesome, I would give more star rating later when I play more Im sure it's just like dune, I just don't know what some buttons and stuff does, the tutorial mission don't really tell you what some buttons do and stuff I have trouble try in to click on units to k8be and stuff like I have to hit the x and stuff but I'm sure I'll figure it out the more I play it and I will give better rating sorry for long comment xD aint no school like the old school High 5 superapps У меня 5.5" телефон, но даже с него интерфейс игры слишком мелкий Good Only one problem: It would be nice if you could put names on the upgrades. Also, how can I become more involved in giving suggestions and feedback? omg... u really bring back my red alert memories... excellent gameplay n execution.. nothing more to request except maybe ability to choose colours... but it's really an excellent RTS game available now... keep up the good work and all the best :) It will not open Thanks for this app thank you so much Юрий Несов thank you very much mwhaaa... Alwys stuck this game reminds me a pc game command and conquer generals : zero hour :) in the future - keep this game updated !;) (edited) Make loading screen scenes ;) I like Brilliant game, like original command and conquer, could do with a bit of an engine upgrade for future release though, harvesters tend to farm together on the same spot, limiting efficiency, any more than 2 harvesters on patch of Tiberius is basically useless, the grid the game is built on is too large meaning if you try to click on units that are next to other items it clicks the closest items sometimes, not a deal breaker but annoying, all in all a brilliant game for what it is and costs, true RTS with skirmish mode 1990s style, really looking forward to the dev making a new game with an updated graphics engine, maybe with open to es 3.2 + Vulcan support with graphics options and another faction?😁 Maybe I'm wishing for too much, well worth the play though. then there's nothing...just black screen, already remove folder, internet is ok... still black screen Game doesn't want to load past 72% loading atlases.... only happened since latest upgrade. Otherwise, it's pretty awesome!! why ? Thanks for making this amazing game I'm just starting out. I did notice that campaign button is spelled wrong on the main screen. Doesn't effect gameplay just annoying. Thanks,now it's work perfectly Brilliant RTS for mobile & tablet. Only problem I can mention is there's not enough players! No more glitches while playing skirmish. Amazing guys! Could you please add more countries and more types of soldiers? I wouldn't mind buying them but I would like to keep them. Trully awesome guys! Keep up the good work! Oh and another thing. I'm not a fan of online gaming but if I can fight multiple enemies on skirmish without doing online that'll be amazing even if I had to buy that option and keep it. Thanks again! Great game. The USSR is an awesome faction to play as. Suggestion: could you make naval units? Please fix this asap i have been playing command&conquer since I was 8 and I literally own every single copy of each one even every expansion pack they came out with I've been down since Westwood.... Keep up the great work I just found this game and got so freakin excited thank yall so much I've only played one skirmish so far with the (GDI cough) side and the female voice is what made me say yep these guys know what's up again thank yall and keep up the great work.  welcome back commanders. Says not compatible with my Samsung S7, worked fine with my Nexus 6. Any fixes? Says Context 3d not installed. Worthless, people bought dis game for nothing... asar...... Another update that as messed this game up, why the hell did I bother buying this game, every single update mess this game up,do not buy this game it's a joke, their are other games on the playstore 1000 times better than this rubbish. Stuck on loading and nothing worked. Sadly. In mission, enemy move faster than my unit Be reply good if the graphics where better and it save date but brilliant game well done Excellent on my tablet it's just classic c and c If missed the old command and conquer style of gaming hope it keeps growing it's the number one game I play on my phone now. Amazed this is the first decent one of these.   Nicely done.   Level 13 won't finish though? Great game with lots of potential. Just need 2v2 3v3 and 4v4 multiplayer matches!! Won't let me do anything.  Cannot build anything.  Cannot restart the map.  Controls are not intuitive. I have been trying to find a game like it well i found that game thanks very good Now it has the right thought, but super glitchy and not smooth whats so ever. And their should be a discretion for every unit one highlighted, witch theirs not. Please fix and 5 stars I have been looking for a C&C game for ages and for me this is just as good as the original games. as I'm a bit of a build a holic I would like to see walls and gates structures and more buildings added such as nuclear power stations and repair depos ect. Keep up the good work guys! Best f%$# game I love RTS games How do you unlock titans? This game is a love letter to anyone who plays the classic RTS genre on pc. The game takes very very heavy influences from command and conquer but that isn't a bad thing. I highly recommend playing with a stylus, it will make your experience much smoother. It's essentially a carbon copy of the old CnC games back from the early 2000's and late 90's. In the earlier iterations it lagged to hell when you got more troops on screen but performance has improved greatly since. Solid TRUE RTS, not a Clash Of Clans clone. •Commands randomly don't respond.     •Units get stuck or drive into enemy not attack                                                                  • Air units have false health bar.              •Base gets destroyed at start before anything can be built. • Let's me buy researched units without barracks or war factory which waste money. They're is one thing I like which is rare and that's some of the random places you can put the buildings like right at the edge or on the side of the hill I think if that didn't happen I would not play this game at all. The only true rts, like the old pc games. Would love larger maps tho. C and c, cover. UPDATE: game is now playable with a few bugs here and there, good game.      OLD REVIEW:Unplayable,too many bugs, i can't even begin to describe the bugs because i don't know where to start, there are so many of them, and the game freezes often. Good work  can you put more ussr reaserch items in guy and make the available in skirmish to Still needed to improve, but I gave 5 stars for dev's effort! Multiplayer does not work for me Addictive but I am having trouble with mission 13 where the mission dies not end even after completing all objectives an no one on the map left to kill.Please fix this do I can carry on to complete the game. Thank you. It's what I was expecting good RTS Does not show mission objectives when the screen pops up it is just a red screen please fix Sometimes a vehicle will get stuck on a cliff and the campaign level 9 with the oil rig won't end even when all objectives are filled. Can you please fix this. Save maps are gone, but now i can play with it. Thanks! Stuck on level 13 of campaign.  Killed everyone but the map does not end.  Have reported, and will wait for a fix.  But I love this game, this is amazing.  Thank you Its Great, although I think you should replace all the sound effects with c&c ones Need more This game has been out long enough to iron out the problems. Too many to list, to the developer just play the game if you want to know. This keeps freezing once I get a decent size base built up in missions. Super frustrating. I can hear sounds but no movement. Sometimes I can move the screen around and select guys but they are all frozen in place and sometimes it just freezes altogether. Sony Xperia Z3. It a good game.But it gets stuck and no enough missions. Needs more weaponry. Good game one best rts on Android but it freezes on skirmish mode please fix Nvidia shield tablet thanks for getting back so quick and for the update it only took a day works fine now great game Definitely one of the better rts games out, especially if you love c&c. Still buggy harvester stops for no reason, selecting troops is difficult, and its seems a little laggy. All can be over looked just takes a little to get used to, definitely looking forward to more updates though. Surfer problems I paid for this plus multi player ducks In the game half of my menu is cut off by these 3 big white dots that makes it almost impossible to select on the right half of the menu to build items if fixed I will give 5 stars and redownload the item It is like red alert  but now no new map ,  please update it Love it, but is there a button to move all of your forces at once, not just all of one group? Ive finally gotten into the game past the loading screen. Will be checking the game before rating it five stars but it looks good on the google play so wait for my final verdict developer and thanks for the help Love this game the more I play it. Takes stratagy and good resource management, highly recommend for anyone but especially the people that grew up playing star craft and command and conquer. Update: wow, tons of updates that add content, not just big fixes, were talking new units and abilities. Developer really cares about the game and it shows! Its not bad But i have a question all of the sprites look like there were stright out of c and c red alert 2 This game intreagued me as I was curious to see how proper full-on RTS games were doing on mobile. After playing for a while I found it rather impressive that this game carries over many features from games like red alert one and two. Unfortunately the game is buggy, unresponsive. The gui does not feel polished, particles look like placeholders, In general the game looks and feels unfinished. Pretty good, enjoying it so far. :) I play for maybe five to ten minutes before it force closes. Tried uninstalling and installing, still no better. Please give me a refund. Nice Game. I like ^^ Might be a good game but can't get it to get past title screen Fix the tutorial and ill buy again for sure I'm sure it's good but won't run on nexus 6 at the moment. Hopefully will soon I'd give this a 0 rating if I could. This game completely crashed my phone where I had to reset it my phone is a HTC one mini Froze at start screen. Then was completely black with music. Asked for refund sorry. I love it but i want to refund no because i dont like it i just want to refund it so can you please add something for i cam refund it? One of the greatest classics. Not a surprise that it came from Bart Bonte, one of my favorite game devs. Been playing Bart Bonte games almost my whole life. I've always loved the minimalist style and unique concepts/mechanics. I never pay for mobile games but I love the idea I'm supporting such good stuff. Keep it up. Great game. Finished all the levels, but was definitely worth the money On level 43 it just keeps restarting I can't even complete it I've Uninstalled it and reinstalled it still can't get it to work I've played every version of this game on Kongregate and I've had it on 2 previous phones. It doesn't work on the Pixel 5. The bottom of the screen is cut off. You can only see the top of the word "Level" and you can't tell if the bottom is open or where the openings are. This becomes an issue by Level 4, making it unplayable. been playing since I was little! thought I was a rebel cause I would play it instead of doing I-Readys. i just bought the game because I know I'm gonna be entertained for hours haha. love your work Bart! Keep it up!! ❤😊 This should be free , for better sell Very bad experience I love Sugar Sugar! I wish the Christmas version would come back or there would be a new version. I've beat the original many times and love playing it, so a new version would provide me new challenges! I love the Sandbox mode I loved this game on Kongregate. However, for whatever reason, the developer made less sugar pour out. It stops so much sooner than the original. Making it less fun and harder. I bet that after level 100 you can't even play random. I regret paying for it. I used to play this A TON on the pc. Can't believe I found it on the play store! Super excited :) Curious, what are you up to these days? I didn't get my refund Used to Play this game on Kongregate website. So glad it was made into an app. Wonderful game, challenging puzzles and relaxing app to pass the time. All other ones are cheap copies. 10/10 look forward to more levels! nostalgia Alaays liked these games as a young kid. Pretty sure you made them. This is a game where you can just sit and listen to the music for hours. I usually don't buy games but I bought this one because I played and really liked all the color games. For whatever reason I just didn't find it very fun and it missed the mark for me. It wasn't terrible, just not great. I actually stopped after some boards and didn't bother playing on. Overall I think the developer is awesome and I'm happy I supported him by buying the game, this just wasn't the right one for me. I really like the game. An i do think i bought this more to support the creator then the app itself. I really like your games Long time player from addicting games The best game hope he brings number 2 over I love it AMazing game great purchase I have played and beat them all from sugar sugar 1 all the way to the christmas edition and still go back to see how fast I can do it the next time. Please make more editions 😍 I'm not calling this a bad game I just got bord of it so may I hav a refund tnx Love this game :) Such a fantastic (soothing) puzzle game! Really like it but can you add a feature where you have to click a play button before the sugar starts coming down Great! i've played this game on pc. it's just as great on mobile. very relaxing and at times a bit challenging. well worth the small price. I love Sugar Sugar! Thank you for not turning this into a money-grubbing app like most other games have turned into. I'll always be one for paying for a full version of something, and not expect a deluge of updates with the latest and greatest features and constant redesigns. That's what a separate 'Sugar Sugar 2' would be for Good job Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm co- i mean sugar. Definently not coke. Yuuuuup. Not coke. One of my fav games ever. Used to play on PC all the time I just completed level 100 on my second try! This was the funnest game I've ever played, can't wait for more! It's a great game but I have purchased it and completed it. But I can't play it again? It just keeps me at level 100 all the time? It would be good to have an option to reset to level 1 or to be able to save your score and start from the beginning again? The Best draw game Ive played. Completely Fun puzzles that get Really difficult and challenging! Some seem impossible to get the sugar into the cups but if you stick to it, think outside box, and draw lines with forethought it is Very Satisfying to beat the levels. While theres not much else to it, its simplistic idea of gameplay, minimalist design, and a pun at the end is well done and fun like you come to expect with any of Bart Bonte's games, but that Bonte style Did feel a little bit missing. I like it. Just wish the creator would bring Sugar Sugar 2 & 3 as well. Any chance of getting parts 2 & 3 for mobile? AMAZING TOTALY WORTH IT!!!! it is the best games out there and ive been playing this gqme at school to on the computer keep up the great work👍👌 I remember playing this on coolmath when i was younger and playing it now brings back a ton of happy memories from elementary school 😄😄 This Game is amazing i remember in elementary school my ea (educational assistant) showed me this game on computers and i was amazed! ive been out of school for 5 years now and i still love this game so theres some personal back story! devs please keep updating this! because of you i have a game ive loved for a long time!😉 thanks!!! Can't wait for an update! Need. More. Sugar! I'm addicted. I try to figure out ways to finish each level faster. Mr. Bonte please make more levels 👏 few drugs jd Jew Kew gym is is jd of ie ie Jew Jew jQuery jQuery jQuery Please PLEASE make it able to turn horizonally! I loved playing this game on the computer when I was little and am happy to have it on my tablet! This game is super fun! :D Great game Wish I hadn't paid for this: too easy until around level 30 whereupon it gets harder but extremely repetitive. I'd still recommend trying it if it were free, but it's not, and it doesn't compare to most of the free stuff by the same developer. I used to play the desktop version a long time ago and am a fan. I bought it for my Pixelbook but moved the app to my phone instead and it's perfect. Thanks for bringing an old favorite to mobile Please make more levels. Just beat the game and my craving isn't over lol amazing game! just really got to get sugar sugar 2 in here! I love this game! It's endlessly entertaining. And developer is great at fixing glitches! :-) i was playing this game on PC long time ago. very good I remember playing this religiously in highschool amazing for kids Frustratingly brilliant. A challenging game wrapped up in a whole lot of fun I love the web game, like it's pretty much all I'll ever use my computer for so to me this is a bit of a disappointment. I really appreciate it being here as I'm a huge fan of the game however in my opinion it doesn't compare to the web game, the levels are just too easy and the sugar isn't even pixelated like it is on the web game. Nice try though, I really appreciate it as (like I said before) I'm a huge fan Thanks for the quick fix Bart! Now to beat the remaining 16 levels. Just loads of fun. Occasionally extremely challenging and brain benfing, but always fun. I love the new challenges that have been added over time. I updated but when will new levels be available? Can't get off this game!! Love this game so much that I've completed all levels! Will we get more levels soon? Because I need more. I'm using the LG v40 thinq and the bottom portion of the screen is cut off. I saw another person has the same issue on their g7 thinq. Was this ever resolved? Love this game even though it's intensely frustrating at times, it is nonetheless highly addictive and entertaining. Although currently stuck on level 95 I shall persevere 😁 EDIT: lol, yes please a little hint might help 😀 EDIT no 2: finished it now need more levels - just so much fun! Best puzzle ever Worth the buck or 2 Nice little game with simplest UI. Classic. Could use tons more levels tho Im using a G7 ThinQ LG and the screen is cut off at the bottom. Example: The buttons at the bottom of the menu screen are only partialy visable. I think it's the best game ever, Fun for kids and Adults alike. I used to play it with my Grandson Preston, just before bed time. It was Great to problem solve each level together;-) This game is awsome! I watched Markiplier play it and wondered if there was a mobile version and here it is 10/10. Defiantly worth the buy. It's fun and challenging. reminds me of when I was in middle school with my friends trying to beat all the crazy levels. happy it's an app. just thought of it today and purchased as soon as I saw it (: I just bought this game, I've played it on my laptop before and I know  it'll be great! This game made my day! Awesome 10/10 Levels are hard and I love it!  Recommended🔥🔝👌 It's a brilliant not too challenging game! I love this game so much! I used to play it on the computer when I was in  middle school. I literally play this game like every day. Can't wait for  new levels! (And Maybe some different challenges and colors?) I just get though the new levels in a couple of days I've played this game somewhere :l ..... Just add more levels Why do the sugar cubes keep shaking is that normal it sucks breaks the  immersion it felps like a bug they just don't flow right This was on pc and ive just found out it was on phone 😁😁😁 I chuckle at the update notes, especially when it says optimizations xD Screen is off on pixel 2 xl now It was fine until level 43, where there is a glitch. It just keeps  restarting after 5 seconds. Anyone got any suggestions? This game is so awesome!! But its kinda weird cause it says its 1$ and 21 cernts but its free. Oh well...... NEW LEVELS PLEASE The game is a 5 star game but I am disappointed there are not more levels.  I have been at level 75 for quite a while and waiting on more. I honestly love the game. Keep up the good work bart! Hiiiiiiiiiii It's a good game Creative, fun, builds on techniques from previous levels and keeps it interesting. The controls are sometimes frustrating; it's difficult to be precise. An option for a pointer maybe that runs slightly off from where your finger is so you can see what you're drawing? Or at least an undo button? Otherwise love it, I still think it's a 5. This game is old but it is still my favorite game. This game is a classic, but it's still loads of fun! Especially during class! ;) Fun! I'm looking forward to further updates! Waiting for new level...love this game. Also playing this game at pc (friv). Great game to pass time in a waiting room, totally worth the dollar and a quarter. Not worth the money. The game is extremely challenging, which I normally like about games. But this game is just unbeatable if you have thick fingers :/ most of the time the line I wanted to draw is very different from the one appearing on the screen :/ Highly addictive, just like all of Bart's other games. Thank you Bart! The game is great, great. Super cool. There is nothing more casual and fun. Just pop out your phone and start playing. Loving this game! The puzzles are fun for all ages. And the Sandbox Mode is like the World's Most Perfect Snowglobe. So fun and relaxing, and then reversing gravity is always good for a chuckle. I highly recommend this title. Keep up the great work! Nice Good I have loved Sugar Sugar for years! Still regularly go back to play it. I don't usually pay for apps but I knew  it would be worth it. Love this game! It starts out simple, then before you know it, you are sucked into the really complex levels. The graphics are perfect, and I love how you can actually count the individual sugar grains. Awsome Good game especially for kids This game is my favorite I bought this like a year ago and it's still so worth it at that time it had 32 levels now it has 75 this is the original and the absolute best version of these games just like the online one on ebaums it's well worth the money trust me the lines go on so perfectly, the levels get harder but not impossible, it's such a great tike waster lol out of every app I've bought this is the best I hope you add more levels soon This game is very fun just like yellow I makes u think that's why I love it Needs a refund Wish there were more levels. Love this game. Great game i wanted to did this cause i use to play it in my secondary but they made a new software and made u can't go one games of anything so i wanted his for if i get bored in class Wont let you refund it soo it's a wast and you could download a better version of it for free Awsome I love it LOVED IT This game is good because it is challenging Works just like it does on the internet well worth the price! 😊 Love this game If you want to go back and play previous levels, you can't just pick the number from a screen.  The Web version allows this--not having that option here is an odd omission. It's almost hypnotic. Can't put it down Is level 67 even possible? Not enough slant on the blue. I don't like when this is the end of the road :( Will there be more levels or should I uninstall instead of waiting? Love this game!!reminds me of when i played on the computer!!😄😄 So much fun to play.. some levels are hard n really make you think but its definitely worth purchasing. Just wish there was more levels!! Hoping for an update soon so that i can continue to play.. Very addicting, absolutely love it!! Loved this game on PC! When will more updates be released? Im addicted I find myself going back to this game over and over again. I remember playing this game and it's sequels for free online, always loved this game. I wanted to support the creator which is why I purchased. Thank you for making fun little games, also enjoyed the other series you created. Boring Simple at first, best played with a stylus. Level 33 is hard It is challenging and still fun. So fun quite a brain twister! Highly addictive, can't get enough! Want more levels. So not good to hard Very fun😀😀 I don't find this game entertaining, it's a time killer and a challenging game, but it's not really intense, so I ask of you to please refund my money It's a great challenging app to use angles to get sugar in a cup! Favorite! Well I paid for it but it won't download This is my favorite game, used to play it on THE computer but I broke it so I thought I'd buy it because it's worth it😁 Level 10 is really hard and i cant do it 😞😢😫 Love it it is great This is a great game and it gets very challenging. Good game Its so great It's SOOOOOO FUN but it gets harder I got hacked and someone bought this game can i get a refund anyone Very Fum. Worth the $ I love how it's so puzzling. Keep up the good work! FUN I hate sugar sugar and it won't refund my money Very addictive I LOVE YOU BART BONTE!!!!! I said I wanted a new sugar sugar game & you delivered  This games amazing, so much harder playing on my phone, your 1st 3 & a 1/2 games were easier with Mouse, I need a styles for more precise drawing I've played this online and really enjoyed the many levels. Thought this would offer the same volume of fun. I saw similar apps that were free, but trusted that this would be worth paying for. I beat all of the levels in one afternoon. Wasted my money. I'm not interested in building my own levels in the sandbox. I wish I had read the description...then I would've known that there weren't very many levels.   UPDATE: The new levels basically just repeat with small changes. Uninstalling. Loving the new levels but not sure how to get the sugar into he middle cup on level 66 is there a glitch? Its cool I play this game all the time, and purged the game cache many times just to replay it from the start. All i wish for is for many more levels, user levels, and stats and highscores (best times, least lines drawn,  etc)  please please please update it! great game worth paying for just shattered ive finished all the levels need more levels or maybe a star or timed system to encourage people to keep playing levels they have passed I love this game but I can't pass level 35 if somebody could help me or make a video on YouTube of it that would be awesome but I can't get passes level 35 at all Definitely worth buying but I'm stuck on level 53 One of my favorites!!! ....and it's still "installing". WTH. Just like the online version but better. I recommend playing this on the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 or other note phones. The pen makes it easier Completed in a few hours How do you complete lvl 14 onwards??? Not enough sugar falls, about 250 sugar should fall Go sugar this game is awesome and I will defenittly recommend it!! I just love the game😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄 Sugar 3 on google play please Excellent game. Really simple premise but you have complete control over the way you solve each level. Difficulty curve is just right. Please make more levels!!! Here comes the money! To hard It is a awesome game and it it fun to play how the heck do you beat level 10? theres no way to get em back up! help! Good, running,just not the biggest fan of it Works great and is a lot of fun i entered sandbox mode and now only sandbox works.  the other modes load but won't start.  No sugar begins to Pour.  Please helP! I love the game. Very very challenging. I love the music too. I open the app just to listen to the sweet beats. Could you or anyone send a link to where I can download the theme song? Thanks. No lag to speak of. Logical and challenging. Just some levels kinda hard.that's just for me ,for you they might be easy like I said ,love it lots On cool math I never got to finish the game now I can also challenging Cool math games has this game for free I love it never got to finish it now I can Was on cool math games Bart bonte,can you tell me how to do level 33? Level 10 is impossible and there is no way to get past it I had fun with this game, it was challenging. Kind of wish the last level was a bit harder and you could do more with sandbox mode, but overall 5 stars. Completely black, no lines, waste of money Worth the dollar, I was skeptical and actually kinda surprised at myself when I bought it, but I am definitely glad I did. FYI I am good at this sorta thing and I finished it in a couple hours fairly easy, all 55 levels are easily doable... don't listen to reviews saying certain are to hard. It is so much fun Level 35 is missing 30 granules to finish I love this game. I know it costs money but i suggest you to get it(: I bought this and it won't download yet I can download other apps UPDATE: for some reason I couldn't do it over my WiFi but could over 3g Well less of a Flaw and more of a real inconvenience.  This game is absolutely amazing but it is impossible for me to pass level 35, because I'm colorblind.  I've tried hundreds of combinations but the greens keep turning red and vice versa. I really wish there was a color blind mode. Then I'd give 5 stars. Heaps of fun, I wish there was a level expansion though as I finished it too quickly Suuuuuuuuuugggggggggaaaaaaarrrrrr:-) Best game I've played in awhile, addictive too I can't get enough of this sweet little one-of-a-kind puzzle game. I first came across this game on StumbleUpon and got hooked instantly. I've played the first one, second one and the Christmas version and I was delighted when I saw you could get it for your phone :) big thumbs up for the creator of this totally addictive game :D hoping Sugar Sugar 3 is in the making? ;) Expected the particles to be a lot graphically sharper than they are. Often your finger/thumb obstructs the line drawing too, making it hard to be precise. Otherwise good mechanics, and plenty of content to keep you entertained. Lots of fun and challenging. I highly recommend this for those that like the think a lot because there are multiple ways to beat a level which makes it more fun and relaxing. I await now more levels!  : ) I played this game on the computer and loved it but the app wouldn't install. I never pay for apps normally but thought the game was worth it. This is not acceptable though. Totally bummed out now. Ausome Game I love it! I'm hooked and need more levels. Remember playing it in my spade in 8th grade Its not fun Needs more levels Bart Bonte is the best love playing this, better than cutting ropes or flicking birds Just did the update with 20 new levels! So exited to play them! I love love love this game. Its so simple but so addicting. It a great game. Love the sandbox mode. Well worth the 100 pennies I paid for it. Yea $1.00 American dollar. The game cost less than a soda and doesn't have any calories so that makes it even better. My kid takes my phone to play so I brought Sugar, Sugar for his phone because it was just $1.00. Now we are both happy in Sugarland. Remek! :-) Awesome I just loooove it. Waiting for more levels. When are you releasing Sugar Sugar 2, Sugar sugar Christmas Edition, etc.... pls pls pls a humble request, add all of those fast Just like the web game,  excellent! You can finish it within a short period of time. They need to add more levels because it's a great game! Four stars - It would be five, but the game needs more levels. Many more levels. Addicting, but very difficult This game I played before about 2 yrs ago and I enjoyed it then and I still like the game as before. BUT I would like there to be something new of this game as after an hour I found it to be the same and no change that made to my opinion any significance impact on the xperiance of the game. Though still good to play for a boring time.☺ Its good and I like it a lot but what I don't like is that you have to pay $1.20 besides that its a fun game I've played this on line, app is exactly the same. Way too easy. Save your $1.20 and just play on line. ...'....'.............................. Needs more levels!!! I love this game on my desktop but only 35 levels?!? I beat it in like 2 hours... More levels = more stars... I bought this game and I think it's a ripp-off! It won't  let me draw lines! Theres no sand coming out, its not working properly  Gives you a challenge love it I love this game I play it all the time So fun LOL This game is cute and fun. It works your brain. Super fun. Just dl'd game with eager anticipation.  Don't even get past an initial black screen of nothingness.  Disappointing.  I want my money back. I love it Love it Fun game Had so much fun playing this! I really love this game! The levels get more and more challenging and it's addicting....however, for $.99 i expected more than 35 levels. I finished all the levels in 1 day and creative mode just isn't as fun. I didn't think it was worth the cost for a one day play game. Very interesting game! Would really love to have more levels though! I love this game it runs well on my phone, even better than my comp, however it is TOO easy! I beat it on two days and feel very ripped off .. can't believe I paid for this app This game rules. It's really fun and it's also challenging. I would LOVE to see more levels! Either way It's well worth the dollar. A new game with old rules, great fun and very challanging! Even though it eats my battery I absolutely love it! Stressed? This game should help. You have to give it permission to prevent your device from sleeping.  Fun but not worth the battery drain.  Otherwise 5 stars. Just like the game on the computor (but better) really fun but simple, you should play it on the computor first incase its not for you though:) But it needs more levels or the sequel would be great! Level 18 Have played the game online and this is just as good! Awesome game its the bom i think u should make suger suger2 This game is great for adults or kids.  Thanks! Love it thanks What happens to the awesome music when actual game play starts? Where are the setting and sound options? Does not open.... Great fun, seamless motion and great puzzles, but really need more levels :-) I loved the old sandhell apps on pc and was ecstatic to discover this game. Thoroughly excellent! I hear there is a sequel but dont see it here... I want it! Port it over please! Idk wut to do in sandbox mode though I can't get enough of this game! It gets to be a real challenge. A good time passer and just an overall great game. Make more like it! I love it and my daughter loves the sandbox version as well :-) It sucks Amazing! So fun and original. Relaxing but challenging. Clean, good looking and very playable. I LOVE IT. Buy this game: you won't regret it. Family loves it. Game is tremendous. Well worth the price :) Just like the online version. Thanks, great website. (-Edit, 01/26/21) App is breaking. When I open it, the screen rotates to landscape view and the right side of the screen is often completely black. Also, all of a sudden characters are not being written (partially or sometimes not at all) when doing a lesson. It might draw the left side of a kana and not the right, then prompt me with a blue dot to draw, and I obviously won't know what to do. This has been an excellent learning app up until this point. Phone: Samsung Galaxy S20 Ultra The reading of the writing is off a bit at times but great overall. Very helpful and even better with a note stylus Simple and fun! Needs more practice time when drawing characters. Also if you use your finger on the screen, the characters don't exactly come out right and the app doesn't let you correct the error in drawing it. The app automatically makes it wrong. If these were corrected it would be a good app. Really like the challenges. The games are not really my thing in learning. It like showing the symbols and trying to show which one is which and how to say it. This is a fantastic learning tool because copying the charactes from somewhere else might lead you to writing incorrectly. This is great! And when you learn everything from the app the games that test your knowledge are very helpful I think this game is awsome Fun so far. I like that the is a grid when writing. It makes learning to form characters easier. I can not believe how helpful this is. I must be honest to say that I have already mastered hiragana and katakana before downloading this app, so I went straight to Kanji. I had always trouble learning kanji, in 3 months I had only learned around 2... but with this app... oh man, it feels so good learning 5 kanji within an hour!! I 100% recommend this game, it is fun and you actually learn a whole lot. I sincerely want to thank the developers for creating such an awesome app, bless you♡♡ Good teaching & fun Rly good Honestly, the app is fun. I know some phrases and sentences, but I only knew 2 hiragana. Just in the first lesson you learn 4 of them. The app is engaging and helps you to remember what you learn in a fun, non formal way. Super fun way to learn some Japanese Fun and easy to do on the go! I often practice during my breaks at work Great way to learn the basics of Japanese alphabets... Excelente app para aprender a escribir los tres tipos de alfabeto que existe en el idioma japones. geiles Spiel es hilft mir zu mindest japanisch zu lernen es sind wirklich die paar Euro wert. I loved the game it's a game that you can actually learn something it's not the games you play that's no ejecashnel sorry If l miss spelt it but I just love this game Really good game to learn. Feels like its actually teaching me rather than just showing me. Recommend 100%! worth the little bit of money. Wow! After searching for a worthwhile app to reinforce what I was learning, I stumbled across this gem. Why is nobody talking about this?! Not only is the experience fun and addicting, but it's effectively memorable. I did find a few problems with touchy corners on character strokes, but beyond that I'm blown away! If you don't mind starting from the beginning of the Kana, I honestly could not reccommend this more! This is supposed to be a teaching game. But the issue is that any time you make a mistake the "Sensei" gets angry and that could be negative on the learner's motivation if everytime they make a mistake the teacher will get angry. Nice, fun and you learn! I really like this app and it helped me very much learning Hiragana. I really really hate the baseball minigame. I appreciate the idea but as it is now it doesn't add anything to the game, as it's just writing with extra steps.. it takes really long too. Maybe remove the tapping part at the end or change it to something else . Just what u was looking for. The games help with the memorization, and are actually kinda fun. I love the dojo zen mode as I can use it to repeat the characters I'm studying at my leasure until I feel comfortable with the characters Useful tool for learning when all I have is a phone on hand. There are some issues with the minigames and certain strokes are difficult for the app to recognize. Also, I am quickly running out of material to study, would love to see more kanji lessons in the future. CUTE AND FUN! I really find the minigames helpful to reinforce memorization since they randomize characters based on your progression through lessons taken すごい! If you have a stylist and you specifically want to concentrate on how to draw kana, this app is for you! Amazing to the infinite power. Love love love this app. Can I give it 10 stars. Well made. I will buy any other apps made by these cats. On hood. Drawing these characters out with your finger on a phone screen is not great. It's like trying to write with the pencil in Paint on PC's. It's even worse if your someone who usually writes small, because when you have to draw out the Hiragana characters without the outline to follow, you still have to draw it with your finger the same size as the outline was. You could draw it perfectly, but if it's not as large as how it showed in the example, you fail. Not worth $5, I've seen better for free. Just started. Fun so far Actually teaches you the sounds instead of sinply translating them. Just wish there was a practice mode with a randomize option Some of the writing rwcognition is very imperfect. In addition, some characters are pronounced inaccurately (For example: じ and ち゛are for some reason pronounced the SAME in Romaji here. They are both shown as Ji. ず and つ゛are both also pronounced the same in this app. They both show up as Zu). These are crutial imperfections in the app. However, for practicing writing in Hiragana & Katakana this app is wonderful nonetheless. Because it is a great, portable, and fun platform for writing practice. I looked for a usable Japanese Hiragana and Katagana App, this one was recomended, so I got it, and I am happy to say, it is Awesome. I learn easy and quick how to write and read the letters, it is amazing easy, and it is fun too. I can highly recomend this App, it is worth it for sure... Spacial thanks to the developers, this App is really first class for learning... Actualy this is a good game and worth of buy, but When i try to write, the game not responsive enough...so my writing become wrong and wrong, so my heart always losing, even when i use my stylus pen... please fix that issue... Guys this game is amazing. Worth every penny. I've been using it for two days and already learned a lot of characters but remember consistency is the key. Brilliant app that makes you want to learn more every day It's a nice app but needs quite a bit of polishing. Some games become frustrating because control is bad, in the restaurant often the plate doesn't get picked up or dropped correctly, and why the mad tapping for batting?! As others said writing recognition is too temperamental at times, and they do not recognize/teach similar ways to write the same character. i.e the hiragana for ki is not accepted with the full leg. Ke is recognized with a straight line, but ko fails if there's no curve.. This app taught my four year old Hiragana and Katakana. My only suggestion is to add mnemonics. When we played the game, we would first find mnemonics elsewhere and then go into the game to play through a level. Fantastic app to learn to read and write hiragana, katakana, and kanji!! I use it and so does my 8 year old and 6 year old. We haven't had any trouble with writing detection. We're using Samsung Tab A 10.1 devices and a Pixel 3XL. Using the Samsung pen makes it even better! We've tried many, many, many different Japanese learning apps and this is the best one! Very slow. Needs a few months of polish. Such sweet fun. This game makes it easy and fun to do daily bite sized learning of the writing systems in Japanese. For me it's the perfect app to accompany my learning 🙂 Fun and challenging app! The mini games are great for solidifying what you *think* you know. The accuracy of the writing detection is abysmal, majority of the time you can be perfect within the guide and it will fail you, I've been more accurate making squiggles than try to follow the prompts. The mini games range from ok to very annoying. The worst being the memory minigame where you need to remember a the order in which the characters are displayed then repeat them. It's definitely geared towards younger kids, but I think even t they would be frustrated by some of the inconsistencies. Very good and cute method to learn kana amd kanji It's really well made and kept me entertained by sll of the fun minigames within the lessons. But it really lacked when it came to the writing portion since sometimes it'd glitch drawing a rather large line off to the side messing me up. It seems a bit too sensitive on the writing portion. Love it Love the app so far but I wish it taught some word combinations with it so what is taught could be used. The 1 or 2 in study mode isn't enough for me. Super good for me. I forgot how to read Japanese 15 years ago, this is a better refresher than at least a dozen other things I've tried. Bug found on Play. Image frequently gets displayed behind. User cannot drag and drop the food bowl. Great app. More games and a way to test out of lessons would be a plus. Please add kanji for N3 & N2. If you guys do so, I will give 5 star🌟 I especially love that this includes writing practice! The app is well created. Has a easy learning path that won't scare away new learners. However the drawing/writing portion lacks sensitivity. I'm unable to fully complete a line and sometimes get penalized for not fully drawing the strokes. Please do fix this as my writing comes out looking very incomplete. Thanks for making this app. Fun and educational Es de lo mejor muy educativa, gracias A fun and effective way to learn. I wish I had found this app sooner. Great way to pick up on ひらがな and カタカナ as well as some 漢字 while having a little fun. Yayyy! It's amazing app for learning the Japanese I love them Wow guys, for fellow gamers this app is a godsend for leaning the alphabets and Kanji. It gives goals and motivation via mini games and lives to learn the character's and progress. Best learning app hands down for gamers. It's good as heck. Definitely recommend it It's all I've been looking for. I never thought I'd get so hooked in this game. Learning is also quick! There's only a 2 things that I hope get improved on in the future, but they're not game breaking: A small few letters are sensitive in writing. The restaurant minigame has a rare bug where the first food on the top goes behind the table layer, making it impossible to tap. Love it Easy and fun to use. Good way to learn the basics. Una grata experiencia aprendiendo japones con esta app, te mantiene entretenido I love video games and was looking for a way to incorporate learning Japanese, this app did the trick. It's very well designed and gives little issues. I love the dojo option, it let's you practice writing the characters from memory. I only wish there was an option to do it without the hint/first stroke. Awesome, thank you for such high quality tool! Learning solidly the strokes now. So excited to find an app this engaging that includes kanji not just the kana. Fun way to learn and writing practice is useful It's kinda strict, but that's really helpful. Im not regretting this purchase at all. Its pretty good, jhst missing writing a whole words Awesome app for learning to read Japanese. Good for learning Great! Fun and easy learning experience. This app is wonderfully done! It integrates writing, listening, reading and lots of mini games. I have studied hiragana and katakana before, so cannot say how great it is for beginners in that area, but the kanji section has already taught me so much that other apps have glossed over (different pronunciations in different contexts?? What!) I would definitely recommend this app! The music is grate This game is so well made. Thr graphics are beautiful and the progression for learning is great. You can't just skip levels, you have to pass and unlock levels as you're learning. Thank you for putting in the time to creating such a captivating app! Using Galaxy S9+. Until now this was exactly what I needed for studying, but I can not get past HYA ひゃ the drawing cancels just before the final down stroke of ひ. Finally got passed(afer 45 min of trying slight variations) but please look at that set there is a bug with the drawn path. Also in the food game the top item is some times placed under the table making it difficult to select. Fun way to learn Excellent educational tool for people who learn by doing! Fun mini-games too. it's a fun game. I have learned a lot. it keeps me playing. ありがとう ございます。 im having so much fun with this. an addictive learning app. 5 stars!! cant stop:) Q~Q THIS GAME IS JUST AMAZING☆☆☆☆☆ I have just started it on the first hiragana lesson and it is amazing. 愛 Still worth the 5☆ but I do hope more minigames are added. sugoi I am having so much fun learning Japanese!!!! its educational and fun. I'm honestly extremely surprised how easily I have been learning the Hiragana!! Nothing is perfect, yet this learning system is very close to it. Fun, entertaining and engaging... I just have three days using this app but I'm really looking forward for awesome results I've been using a lot of apps for Japanese learning at the same time. this one honestly acts as the perfect combination of many of them (and it's pretty fun). I highly recommend. Oniii chaaan best app for writing Japanese that I've found to date pls add new levels like n3 n2 and n1 thank you.. and maybe create a new app for grammar great games and lots of learning. Very well designed language app. Some creative minds put alot of thought in this. easy to use A fun, practical and engaging way to learn the basics. im loving it. enjoyable to learn this way. would recommend to anyone wanting to learn reading Japanese. El método me resulta muy util, pero en el juego de servir comida no me deja ver las letras nice Fun learning Japanese game with some glitches on writing where the following red guide line is treated as failure. That aside still a fun game that helps you learn Japanese. upto now it is good for memorising kanji and so that ill give you 4 🌟 because there are only N4 and N5 kanji. when will the N3 kanji be added? Fantastic learning tool, fun and totally worth the money. There are a few glitches though, sometimes one of the bowls gets stuck behind the counter and if you change speed or screen pressure too much while writing it will fail you, it can be very annoying but when you get used to it it's ok. A clever approach to learning Japanese. I highly recommend this game. It's the most fun and easiest way I found to learn Hiragana and Katakana. If you are a complete beginner, IMHO, this app is much better to start than Kanji Study. A nice beginner learning option for japanese. I am a complete novice so I have just started to use it. Very helpful in learning the characters of the language and fun too. great learning tool, worth the small charge to learn kana alone. realy great for learning Japanese Kanji. there are a few issues like the soup bowl on the top mini game gets stuck behind The table. love it! it's a fun way to learn japanese writing and the games are fun practice. I really like the did you know facts between the levels! love this learning game, I really feel like I am learning this from the bottom up its helping me for the future as i will be moving to Japan. Great game This is great for beginners or those looking to refresh their hiragana/katakana. Those looking to take the JLPT test N5/4 for Kanji is included. The game play is fun and enjoyable Hoping they expand on this one day, either more Kanji levels or introduce words. great game non the less A fun way to learn Japanese characters. The stroke recognition is not great though hence 4 stars not 5. lots of fun ! Amazing way to learn Hiragana Best way I've ever experienced to learn Japanese characters on an Android device. Well worth the price. I love it Great app that makes learning to write Kanji fun! sometimes the tracing is a bit finicky, but otherwise this app is on point. easy to use. I love that it has lessons and teaches the strokes and pronounciation of the characters. the study and mini games also help aside from the regular lessons. Great tool for learning the stroke order. Very fun minigames too! Drawing the characters is far too sensitive on some characters, and gives too little time to figure out exactly what the boundaries are to draw them. for example "so" is almost impossible for me to get correctly. The varied minigames are also a nice touch and a valiant effort, but overall i spend more time trying to figure out each new game and determining the exact to-the-pixel stroke than I do learning. This app is very good for beginner,,looks like learn in the school.It's very helpfull. thank you good at memorizing while still veing entertaining so far learning Japanese by writing in it first actually helps. :3 Finally progress can be saved, just perfect The app is well made, I am having an issue with the mini game restaurant then characters above the dishes are out the screen if you can fix this... Other than that the app is superb... Very helpful, educational i really like it the application is very smooth and it's offline so you can play it anywhere even without Wi-fi (exept if you wanna use google play to) really ♡ it. Great learning aid for new Japanese learner's. I also recommend "JA Sensei", "Duolingo" and "Japanese Kanji Study" for android apps along with the free online gramar guide by Tae Kim. Japanese is an extremely difficult language to learn. It takes serious dedication to get any where near fluent. Definitely worth while though, at least I think so. If you want to learn how to write in Japanese, this is the app for you. The minigames teach you quick thinking to rememember each and every kana or kanji; whilst Tako's challenges make sure you are able to write them from memory. From a baseball minigame, where you write the character correctly to hit a home run. To a simon says-like memory game. Tako Sensei provides a great variety for learning Japanese. The purpose of this app is to teach you how to write, that's all. And what a good job it does. すごい OMG, se o fun and challenging. Please make the app compatible with the P20. Por favor que la aplicación funcione con el P20 el error me da cuando juego en el minijuego del restaurante no puedo ver lo que me piden newbie friendly Great way to begin learning the language, no matter if you're an adult or a child. A very pedagogic and fun way for learning japanese. Great for fun and learning This is such a fun way of learning hiragana. It makes you practice the writing, listening and puts your brain to work! Great fun way to master Kanas! Great for learning hiragana, katakana, and basic kanji, or practicing if you already know them Excellent Giving 5 stars but hoping they keep adding to it over the years to come! Is totally a worthy learning game Perfect for someone just starting to learn the language. Super fun and engaging!! Sugoi!! Sogoi It's really good to help you memorize the hiragana and katakana. The only downside is that in some rare cases (that is making finishing the ma family really annoying), even if you follow the lines it fails. In general I would still 100% recommend this. The most cute and easy way to learn the basics Its fun to play this game, it make we learn more about Japanese Most awesome game to learn Japanese!!!! You should make this game for other  languages and put new characters for each and different language you make.  Keep the good work!! Fun. The games make it easy to learn Funny and instructive Very fun game that helps you learn basic kanji for the JLPT N5 and N4. The  minigames are fun. Really great app for learning to read & write Japanese. There are a variety  of lessons and mini games to teach you, and they're really cute and fun. I  felt much more confident in reading & writing as I went along. My only  complaint is that the blackboard can be very picky, so it says you're  making a mistake when you aren't, & that can be annoying. But overall, I  highly recommend it. Excellent for learning japanese After update/bugfix for Pixel 2 XL, all fine again. Thx. Great app. Fun way to learn Japanese. I'm learning new letters faster than other apps. Been a great help learning hirigana and katakana. Can't wait to get to  kanji! Thank you Taco Sensei! The best! Worth the money 😊 Great learning tool. Very good app Perfect app but it would be better if you added an extra lesson on how to  speak the language,vocabulary,and grammar. But still i like this game Awesome app I think the tapping game is annoying and how slow the game takes to  progress through the stages but at the same time the app is well made and  its content is decent A very good app, and really helps you learn. Some games are a bit  difficult, and the drawing /writing elements can be a bit picky. But these  are small things, and this is well worth the price excellent way to tackle basic Japanese writing, vocabulary and even  culture. Thank you! Cute😁 I like it cuz it is very visual, its colorful and nice. All that helps me  to retain the information much better. Quick easy way to learn a new language. Eff Rosetta stone lol Pretty good. Occasionally inconsistent with what it accepts for strokes. I think that are so fun and exciting for learn different kanjis. The best for kanji hiragana かっこいい❤   。 This is a great way to practice writing Japanese (if you use a stylus). I've definitely gotten my money's worth from this app, would recommend.  The only problem is the sound effects get a little annoying, and the 'dojo' reading mode offers you multiple choices of answers, but, the right one is literally always the first option 😅  Otherwise, this is great for learning the written characters of the three Japanese alphabets. Using this on a new Moto g5s plus. The graphics keep disappearing and flickering, only the animals and things you can click on though.  Also. The pace is way too slow. It's a great idea but maybe there should be a mode without all the fluff between the actual exercise. really good way to learn but there it seems to have a bug in the baseball game, playing on moto g5 This helped me improve more than any other app! Loved it. Enjoyed it. Felt I was learning. Worth the money spent. Be aware that the focus of the app is writing practice, learning hiragana, katakana and kanji, not sentence structure and grammar. The vocabulary you learn is only determined by the kanji learned. I skipped hiragana & katakana though as I already had this down, so I might be wrong and they could have covered more sentence structure in those lessons. The video ad description of this app sold me, and the game definitely delivers! 先生 is strict because you must keep within the right grid square to be considered drawing the kanji right, but fine by me, as a perfectionist. I like the game, though I wish you didn't have to switch your phone to auto rotate to change which way your phone is viewing it. It should be great if the progress was saved in an account/ Seria perfecto que se guardara el progreso en una cuenta It's a beautiful app, but it's slow. Like does the board need to completely go away, then slide back in, then announce which character is next, then have that suggestion float over to the side, and all the other pieces show. That's fine the first few times, but I'd like the option to skip those in-between animations. Waiting for everything to reset between characters drags the experience down. Also, please let us disable the Google Play Games connection. It keeps trying to get me to set up Google+, and I deleted that profile months ago. It's a helpful app to write and review hiragana...i haven't hit any of the other characters yet... one thing I would recommend is that the app developers  implement mnemonics  when learning the characters. Great app for learning Japanese basics I've always wanted to learn japanese and this game is helping me learn and test my writing skills. This is perfect for beginners, however the chalkboard needs a few tweaks and maybe the addition of more game modes to play would be a welcome improvement. This is a fun way to get started in learning Japanese and the app has been well designed so that you and study it. Good supplement to learning Japanese. Like the other reviews, I found it to have some faults in writing recognition and the baseball game had a couple glitches, but overall it's a fun way to help reinforce the writing systems. Eses bueno hace que las letras se al pegadizas Will fix review when they fix the giant black bar that covers the right side of the screen. It's a fun concept of a game, but I can't play the minigames or see the times due to the bar. Very helpful. Seriously, this is THE BEST Japanese learning app I have found! This app helped me remember the characters better and the games make it really fun and enjoyable! I can see me learning Japanese every day with this app! Great game to learn the language. Some of the writing controls can be clunky and not recognize the character so you really have to do exactly to the nth degree the same stroke they made. No room for a human touch on some characters. Everything is good in this app, but when i try to trace the letters in lesson 20 it keeps putting me rong! Horrible writing recognition. It refuses to recognize the writing of 'road' radical on the N4 'transport/carry' kanji no matter how accurately I trace the imprint and the lesson will not progress. There's no way to skip so the app is essentially stuck and can't progress on the lessons. There's some errors on the writing of some kanjis. The games are pretty boring and petty. So glad I purchased this app on sale or else I'd be really ticked off. Too late to get refund. Stay away. Good Fun way to learn. On my phone part of the screen seems under a black ribbon, not using the entire screen, making it hard to play on some mini games. Waiting for the devs to fix this small issue. Easy to use and more compact then my 208 flash cards Well thought out learning aids and games. Writing recognition works most of the time so unlike most japanese learning apps you can practise both reading and writing. learning is so exciting with this.you will not get bored Fun game. Graphics are cute.  The games really help with the studying, I think. I'm looking forward to more N levels being added. I love this game, but I''ve noticed a slight problem on the katakana lesson and minigames, like Robot Rangers. Sometimes the game displays the katakana for byu instead of pyu. I know they're very similar, but I thought it's something you should know about, especially if it's a bug. A very ingenious way to teach Japanese, very nice app Edit: please help I can't get achievements for completing hiragana because I was not online after I bought the game. Can you please update my hiragana achievement or something. I even tried redoing them. The game looks great, albeit not that pleasant to look at since I have to see the same drawings for too long. There should be more mini games or at the very least swapped themes as you progress for the buying price. But the real meat is in the arcade and zen mode. And although my I mainly have a positive review because of the n5 and 4 levels. Some stroke orders piss me off as I've never seen them written in such fashion. Fu and a few others. But nonetheless good job. Great learning tool to help you memorize the kana and N5 & N4-level kanji.  I took some Japanese in college but have forgotten a lot and this is really helping me relearn what I had forgotten.   A decade ago, we would write the kana charts endlessly in our notebooks (and do some homework) to memorize the kana. I wish apps like this were around back then! I am finding that my memorization is better now than it was before, thanks to all the games and ability to review.  I would love it if the devs could make an app for the N3 - N1 kanji in the future! I am loving this app, I wish it had some images to compare the things in order to be learnt in a more contextualized way. In overall, great and friendly games to learn japanese. Maravilloso juego para los principiantes de japones hasta que llegas a los kanjis T_T pero aun asi tenemos que alrenderlos que mejor que practicando y divirtiendote un poquito :) Una gran forma de aprender, interactiva y divertida. *IMPORTANT* you can skip to the kanji if you already know you're syllabries (hiragana and katakana) what you need to do is go through the 1st part of hiragana (a, e, u, i, o) and then go to the kanji section when you finish! Do the tutorial for the kanji and then it unlocks the 1st lesson. So far so good. I downloaded this about 20 minutes ago! I really like the fact that there are mini games mixed in that test your knowledge and bring back the element of fun to learning Japanese. I think this will definitely become one of my regular apps. It explained the kanji readings really well as well!! I have had 1 glitch so far where the kanji for 5 didn't show the kunyomi readings (the section was blank and then I was quizzed on it, and honestly didn't know the answer) but it flagged up the right answer when I got it wrong so I've learnt it now anyway. Other than that, I'm loving it! Its so cute and easy to learn This is really a wonderful game to learn Japanese writing, even for young adults. Unfortunately it does not seem to sync back again with Google play after resetting the device. It needs an option to restore progress or at least let us skip content we already know. Love this app. I am teaching myself japanese and this has been a real time saver. I can use this app anywhere and makes learning a breeze. On issue is on the tracing being a little touchy but besides that this is a wonderful app. Thank you for such a great product Good for learning the characters but does not teach any words or grammar rules Amazing app, makes learning kanji much easier! Arigatou! It's pretty fantastic. My only gripe is that if you already know some of the material you cannot skip anything. You'll be forced to go through it all. That's okay though, more practice! Excelent game Picky writing system The game is good for beginners but a finicky writing system makes learning stroke order difficult Also your ki/gi strokes are wrong Loving it so far.  It's entertaining and doesn't feel boring or forced.  Few graphical glitches such as images flicker on and off but it doesn't hinder gameplay. Excellent way to learn! Excelente y super didáctico Awesome app, much more proper way to learn Japanese than some popular apps. Could use some leeway on the strokes writing characters though. Other than that is enjoying the app, helping me to learn Japanese! I am liking the game, but it is very glitchy. Like the food minigame, the animals keep popping in and the food will not show up in the game. So for me, it is hard to pass that minigame It works Good app for learning Japanese from the beginning. Awesome app. It makes learning and retaining everything much easier, especially since you first learn to write the kanji. Recognising is much easier when you know how it works! Cute graphics, nice minigames, very well structured. Only the writing part isn't ideal with cutting you off or not accepting a slight variation (eg a smaller loop or a slightly different angle), then again sometimes it accepts very short lines xD Still, awesome app!! Learning Japanese so i can teach my daughter... this is the most helpful thing I have found to get us started! Is amazing Great app - my girl of six loves it. "I'm Hannah I love your game it's lots of fun" Much better than duolingo and well worth 5 bucks.  Im learning quickly but you'll need to repeat lessons.    Every now and again the minigames glitch or the chalkboard will be finnicky but overall great app I love this game very much and feel that it will help me in my sister thank you!!! Thanks this game is beautifully made for easy learning Very good and fun to play!! Glad it teaches me how to write the characters in a simple easy way. Thank you im Japanese and trying to learn it Super cute way to study. Good for practicing stroke order. Poor finger recognition makes this app very frustrating to use. It randomly freezes during lessons. The ball park minigame will sometimes throw the ball at the screen even if you hit it away. Very disappointed with my purchase. Not worth 5+ dollars Good app to learn Japanese. Games are fun. It would be nice to have some more variety though. The free text section needs to allow a wider margin of error! This is a great learning app for writing. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because of the specificity with writing style. For example, this uses the broken version of さ like shown here, and won't allow a carry through. Awesome easy way to learn Visually the app is great. The art style is very pleasing and the music is nice as well. However as far as learning goes you're better off elsewhere. Learning kana feels like a grind with this app and goes at a very slow pace. Hiragana and katakana have 27 lessons each and you can't skip ahead unless you've beaten the previous lessons. It takes about 5 minutes to do 1 lesson but by the time you've done 10 you've seen all the app has to offer game wise and it gets old / reptitive very quickly. I think it would be an OK resource for studying basic kanji but it offers just barely over 100.   All in all I love the music and art style but there are far better resources for studying Japanese. This game has really helped me start to learn my Japanese symbols, I don't really want to learn how to write them but this helps get the symbol into your head better. Chalkboard is overly sensitive sometimes and then other times doesn't mind if you miss entire bits. It's a simple game and great for beginners but can take a bit of time. What a funny way to learn Japanese letters! It's a good game. This is a great app!!!! I love it!!! Great gamification of learning the character systems. I liked the app. But when I updated my Huawei P8 lite it will not install. The interactions really helps to cement what you are learning in your mind every time you play. 10-10!!! It's really helping me learn Hirigana so far. I've been having issues drawing them exactly how the game wants me to as far as exact line length etcetera, but this is good as it's instilling proper handwriting.  Sensei is kind of obnoxious as far as facepalming everytime I over estimate the size of a loop or line, but those are literally the only issues I've had. This is the best structured game for learning katakana hiragana and kanji. My search is over. The app is amazing, I enjoy learning and playing in the app This games is definitely worth buying! Put of all the other apps I have for learning Japanese, this is the best one for learning how to write in all forms! It helps that it is also super fun to play and pass time with. I find myself just wanting to play with the mini games because they're fun and forget I'm even learning! Great app! Honestly so good for learning the basics. Only issue is the chalkboard. You need to do it exactly the way the do it or it says you fail The net benefit is positive, worth the price, that being said the game has a lot of issues. The auto-recognition (whether you have drawn correctly) is brutally flawed, up to the point where you might loose all hearts on one hiragana you know perfectly well how to write. It can be very very frustrating. There are only a few minigames with not much variety, very dull and repetitive after a while. The algorithms are not properly adjusted to the lesson size, meaning in a lesson with only 3 hiragana it will stop after 1 newly introduced hiragana already to "challenge" you (doesn't make sense to test you at this point) , in a lesson with 5 hiragana it does so after 2 new hiragana have been introduced. Also when you draw a hiragana/katakana/kanji the app should pronounce it every single time but doesn't. It does not include any mnemonics, luckily there is a good series of apps called Hiragana/Katakana/Kanji Memory Hints by TheJapanFoundation, please use that (Google Play Store). You can't skip individual lessons / mark them manually as 'done', I don't see the point in having separate lessons for things like きゃ (kya) or きょ (kyo) when I have already learned き (ki), や (ya) and よ (yo) individually, extremely bothersome. Still the app can be  good aid in your studies, though it has its fair share of flaws. Great app for learn japanese easy Just started but so far I can see how this game will help alot. The loading screens go by so fast you can't read the facts. Might need a tap to continue. During writing portions, strokes get cut off before you can finish the correct length of stroke. During the baseball mini game the correct answer should be shown when wrong. Also, the arcade mini game is difficult at times since the light blue color is hard to see. Fun stuff. A properly gamified educational way to familiarize with the Japanese characters. A fun way to learn the basics of the different Japanese writing systems! Love the techniques that are used for teaching in addition, such a great app for beginners absolutely a "will recommend" to all of my friends !! Definetly worth it, however the writing screen needs some work. Me encanta es muy divertido y aprendo rápido, solo que me gustaría que tuviera más minijuegos Very cute graphics amd very easy to pick up.  I'm learning how to write with a fun and engaging app. Great app, very useful and funny. Though it would be cool to add an option to stop the loading screens in order to read the curiosities... sometimes the app it's too fast! 😁 Enjoyable app sometimes the tracer cuts out when I'm drawing and makes me lose but overall the app is well made Brilliant for my little girl who is 3 years old.   although I've lost my saved data Great way to learn but the recognition can be a little off sometimes. Would give 5/5 if it wasn't so sensitive for the writing part, following the lines and it keeps stopping halfway through and goes back to the start of that stroke..  Other that that, it's amazing! This (along with a couple other sources) is great for beginners. Overall great app for learning Japanese writing systems. I wish there was more game variety. But the graphics are great! Very good I think It will be awesome if I bought another cellphone my progress will not be erased, this is my second mobile with this app and all my progress isnt anymore and I have to beggin with all the practices again!!!!!!??? 😠😡😠😠😡😡😠😠 Please fix that so we can save all of our progress learning. Makes it fun to learn! I am checking regularly to see if this learning application has been updated with more words (including kanji). By far the best I have tried, I hope that future updates will be available. Bom app para quem quer iniciar no idioma, com interface bastante convidativa. Amazingly fun, very cute and extremely easy and engaging for noobs to Japanese. Must Buy! Great learning & interactive memory implementations. I'm stoked I made this purchase, can't wait untill I've completed everything 😇 No complaints Awesome Se pone muy monótona, deberían enseñar palabras a medida que se va aprendiendo las letras para mantener el interés del usuario al sentir que se esta aprendiendo algo. I've found it to be a fun, useful resource for reinforcing hiragana, katakana, and starting kanji. Design is great, features are fantastic. love it This is exactly what I was looking for, a nice, well paced, gameified way to learn the Japanese alphabet. It's an excellent companion to any other vocab and grammar app. Game is repetitive. Not in the "practice makes perfect sense". The sound clips and songs are fairly Limited and eventually become annoying after you hear them for the 100th time. There's also only four games so they can get fairly tedious. However, overall I would recommend this game, but I do wish there were a way to turn off the blue dots telling you where to start drawing from. At least outside of the first demonstrations. The app is clean and aesthetically pleasing. I have two issues with it, however. First, as many others have pointed out, the chalkboard needs some improvement. There needs to be a little more leeway one how characters are written. My second issue comes from the perspective of an intermediate learner. I already know a good deal of kanji so I would like the ability to either mark kanji as known or test out of them. It's too time consuming to have to go one by one from the beginning. Great app for learning Japanese writing. Well worth the money. Mini games can be a bit repetitive but could easily be fixed by adding a couple more. Any paid app that asks me for a rating puts my back up . Will amend if my kanji improves So far so good.  It's been a couple weeks and I've learned more in that time then in months using other programs. My only quip is that my phone broke and while my achievements restored, my progress did not. So starting from scratch, which is bullshit but it's another review I guess. I got this app for wrighting practice and am currently on ka. Its been super helpul. This is kind of silly but could you guys add a pause button on the loading screen my nexus 7 outspeeds my readimg speed so im missing the triva. Drawing system solid.  Gives one the feel of the letters So good. Its Fun. Great help with learning all katakana and hiragana. One of the best japanese learning apps ive found It's fun to play and has a variety of games to help. The fact that most of them make you write the answer helps. The only thing i will change is give a choice for the time other than that it is great.😁 This is one of the best apps around for helping you learn all the Japanese kana, and the writing practice is the best I have seen, it's very accurate! Well done! Muy buena forma didáctica, le falta sincronización con Google para múltiples dispositivos I love that it teaches you with animation the order of the strokes. Mini games are fun but get so repetitive after a few lessons, I hope you could update it with new ones, and further lessons than N4 kanji. Also it'd be great to be able to skip some lessons when you already know the characters and It'd be specially useful to have a cloud save option for when you use one or more, or if you change devices. Overall I really love and recommend the app I love it, is entertaining, I thought  was expensive and added to my wishlist and finally bought it but is really fun and helps me with kanji, even not being a beginner I loved this app This app is great only two days in I'm able to remember a whole bunch of Hiragana symbols The mini games really help cement the characters in your head without getting boring. No in app purchasing, you get everything available when you buy this app. It is absolutely worth the money. I love this app. It makes me learn how to write and read Japanese writing. But...  I hope it can also teach us some Japanese words and conversations. But all in all, it's a good app. It made learning Japanese writing more fun (^-^)b I'm trying to learn, but having a very hard time keeping the characters to memory correctly. Would be nice to have alot more time to read the info at the bottom of the screen in between lessons. I can't read all that within just 1 or 2 seconds, would like to have a continue button added, so I can press it when I'm done reading the info at the bottom. The best app to learn hiragana, katakana, and Kanji!!! Really helped to remember the stroke order with all the games and repetition! Very nice This app is just what I need to practice and learn hiragana. Would also be great for children.  I am taking Japanese classes and reading out of a book just doesnt help me. I need something fun to keep my mind interested and this does just that.  Even though the app is $5 it's extensive... it also has katakana and kanji for future use.  Once I have learned the characters it will also be great for a refresher so that I dont forget it from lack of use.  I wish you guys create a language app! Arigatou gozaimasu It makes the learning process smooth for beginners. Repetition is essential for the lessons to really sink in. Good app but I've been trying to open it again and it just turns black...any tips or...? Please help its a very good app Having fun with this app. Learn Japanese rightly in gaming mode. Beside, there are newstickers that gives information and knowledge in Japan. Really like this. Good for studying Japanese This really helps for learning the three Japanese writing systems! I absolutely love it! The chalkboard is off center and unevenly placed. The writing impatiently cuts off your lines before finishing the curved tips. It needs an option of a recreate-able graph made of 4 big squares, starting at the edge of the chalkboard, each divided into 4 smaller squares. (So you can reproduce kana IRL.) Kana use very organic shapes that need a precise graph to duplicate. Also, you should be able to trace each kana as much as you need before writing. Tracing twice isn't enough for accurate recall. Hands down the best app to learn Hiragana, Katakana and Kanji. Uses a perfect mix of repetition and games to reinforce the syllabary. A+ It tried many other apps and books but this one takes the cake and we all know we love cake! A definite must! Juste wow Failing and making you go through an entire lesson again really helps ensure you retain what's being taught This game is really worth the money! It has good exercises / mini games that help you remember the characters.  I also like the fact you can go straight into kanji if you already know kana.  It would be nice to see maybe an expansion (I'd pay extra) that follows this layout for verbs & more vocab to.  Maybe a sequel? Love the app. I'm learning a lot from it First hour playing the game, and I could write the a, I, U, o, e sounds in hiragana blind if I had to.  The Game features a good variety of fun Mini games that are helping me to really try. The only thing so far is that I would like to take like a quick test for each level to complete them faster since I already know Hiragana and Katakana..it can be quite slow at the beginning if you are coming with something already learned..other than that is very interesting!!...I have to also thanks Ruben from the periscope #almorzandojapones and Tony from #japondesdejapon for this amazing app that I just won! Keep up the good work! Don't just learn to read Japanese, learn how to write it, too. So fun, you won't notice you're learning! After trying a ton of apps, this is by far the most fun to learn on. I've only worked with hiragana / katakana so far, but it really helps solidify them in your memory, and has you actually writing them to remember the stroke order. Sumamente útil y fácil de usar. Perfect. Fun and you really do learn. It's a good and easy way to refresh your japanese Really like it. I however have a real problem seeing the 'lamps' when the light up in the 'arcade game'. Maybe this is something that could be improved, making it more distinct? Worth the money Great App Love this app . The Lessons and games are very well put-together :) one star off b/c when I got My new phone I used My same E-mail account and it did not save My progress from before... not a terrible glitch since I Needed a review but still frustrating since I did pay $$$ for this app and it cannot even sync right :P And I pretty much never pay for any apps SO this sadly just reinforced that practice :P I was learning Japanese right before this app but it took me a while to remember every word. This app made me forget about the problem! One thought, in the kanji when it gives the multiple words in should read the full word, not just the kanji. I've been having so much fun with this app! I always wanted to learn Japanese, and this is by far the best app I've found! So much variety! Excellent app. Gives great instruction on how to draw the letters, as well as time for you to practice, which the app grades and corrects, and let's you try again.  The mini games are helpful and fun. Highly recommended! Great app! It's definitely a great app for practicing kana and kanji (currently has N5 + N4 kanji). Would love to see more types of mini-games and hope they add more kanji at later date. This app is the best app for learning Japanese. It is simple and it helps you to learn Japanese in a fun way, not just boring quizzes all the time. There are a lot of minigames which are fun to play. There are tutorials on how to write the symbols step by step. Unlike many language apps, it is only  £3.59 with no in app purchases. It is absolutely amazing. This app helps me so much to read, write and recognise hiragana, katakana and kanji. It is also fun and has a lot of addictive mini games. I highly recommend that you install this app. 可愛い Love this app so much. Definitely worth the purchase Funny way for study japanese Kawaii sugoi!!! Fun and easy to use, it's a great way to start learning Japanese. Is so easy to understand and fun to use This is a cute and easy way to learn the basics of kanji Brilliant! Es un juego en el que aprendes y te diviertes, bastante amigable I really like this tako apps...easy to learnt and with the games it help me to memorize the characters...Totally recommend... This is the push I needed to not just memorize but LEARN. I never buy apps, so I was nervous about it, but this was worth it. AMAZING app for learning Japanese! I've been looking for something like this for a long time! It costs money, but PLEASE do yourself a favor and buy it.  I'm usually the type of person to ignore an app if it costs more than a dollar, but if I knew how good this app was beforehand I'd pay $20 for it.  If you really want to get a foundation with Japanese, do it! It is useful for my summer review. Still I have go study sentance structures from my genki book. Love learning and enjoy it The game were fun to learn, but one day when I try to use it the app doesn't work at all. It stay black screen please fix this issue and thank you This is not the language learning app, this is strictly for help in memorizing characters. It is a wonderful tool that will help learn to read and write in the proper stroke order. Would recomend for anyone who is studying or wants to learn the basics. Great app to learn, i like it It is an amazing app. I love Japanese culture and it is a good way to learn their language The game's fun to play. It can be repetitive, but that's to be expected from a language learning game. The writing challenges can be a little frustrating as the app doesn't allow much room for error.  Children will find the game very entertaining and they'll be learning without knowing it.  I hope the developer continues beyond the N5 Kanji. I would purchase future levels. Perfect for learning stroke order of characters I just started learning hiragana and katakana. This app is great. Together with the textbooks i learn alphabets very quick. Very fun to play and learn. Easy to use I cannot begin to express how helpful this little program has been for me. I'm learning how the characters sound, as well as how to read and write them! Perfect program for me as a complete beginner! The interactive ui is the best!! Great job devs! If I learn Japanese, it will be because of this lovely prog teaching me the basics. Good intro into japanese, and the review and mini games help a lot. Just like any learning tool you'll need to supplement this app with other resources in order to fully grasp kanji. The app does a good job of making it more fun and giving you new ways to study without it feeling like a test or drill. I found a bug in the study section though; tapping on the kanji 白 (white) brings up 車 (car) and vise versa. Please fix this and double check the other kanji links in the practice tab. This app could also use some regular updates like your other app. It won't run on my device. All i can see is a black screen. I use alcatel one touch idol alpha So helpful! The only reason it isn't 5 starts is that I'd like to be able to read what is on the cut screens. If they're was somewhere in the app to be able to take my time and read them it would be wonderful. Really well done. Good way to learn, but also a good way to just keep it up or refresh yourself from time to time. Practice makes perfect. Awesome graphics, music and mini games! I can't wait for them to add more kanji, as I'm currently studying for N2 and this is cute and fun and even though I know the material I still enjoy playing it. :) Oh, and vocabulary training or Jukugo would be a nice addition. Love it. I have used a few other apps for learning Japanese. This one is my favorite so far, definitely worth the money. Simple, fun, and easy to use Fun and a very good learning tool. I have been saving up to buy this game on a Google play card and  IT WAS TOTALLY WORTH IT😁😁😁 So much more than I expected going in, thank you Really cool! A little slow (not mechanics but just the whole process) but still five stars! I play this on the train to various places in Japan! I find myself slowly being able to read some of the signs here! Wonderful app! It's so repetitive it's easy to remember, and I like the mini games. No other way of learning Japanese so far has ever sank in as well as this does. And it's so fun! I highly recommend it to anyone. Well worth it! I'm revising  my Japnese, and this is a fun way to do it. It's made me learn to write too, as I'm better at read in than writing. Very good buy, I recommend this app! Its such a great supplement to a class for reading and writing. The games help me remember and i would highly recommend it to anyone learning. Pick up where you left off. Only problem with it so far is it kind of leaves the things you learned behind so you might forget the previous one but you can always just express it for a reminder. The bugs on the first lesson in review mode especially in the second lesson I get stuck there It's pretty easy to understand. Love playing the mini games helps with memory and making learning fun. I would love to see more mini games e.g. help learning colours, objects and words. But overall love this app as it helps with reading, writing and memorizing. Won't open.... just black screen. Wouldn't care if it was a free app but I paid for this! Its hard to learn the squiggles of the characters but I need this kind of kick in the butt to learn You won't learn meanings as fast as with flash cards, but you will learn kana more in depth and learn how to write them. It's totally worth the price! If you can't quite afford it, use something like Google Reward to pay for it. It shows you hiragana, katakana, and Kanji in a super helpful and easy way. great app for adults and kids! Best for writing I love it! It's great besides sometimes when drawing the script it will say you got it wrong when it was right but that's minor. Great Job!! Some quality issues. I reported an issue with stroke order/direction for 千  many months ago.  Noticed today same issue with ヂ and with the first stroke of キ in キュ. For an app that purports to teach stroke order this is a big deal.  Down from 5 stars to 3 stars.  Requires a full quality/accuracy audit by developers:( I love how it really makes you think hard. I'm looking forward to future updates :) Enjoying the concept so far, seems like a great way to begin learning. I've been learning for about a month myself. The only gripe I have with the app is that sometimes the "chalk board" (feature that lets you draw characters and grades them on accuracy of strokes) can be a bit harsh/finicky with some characters. Other than that it's a great app and definitely worth picking up to learn, or in my case, review. Only done hiragana so far but loved it. I have to say the big flaw is that the reading practice of hiragana is broken as the correct option is often in the first position :( For some reason, it won't let me imput the "ge" hiragana. It keeps making me try again, over and over. Please fix this, as I enjoy the game other than this one problem. Edit: Found a way to imput it without triggering the try again response Fun way to learn some characters in my spare time. Very helpful and didactic. Best part: no annoying ads or subscriptions! I started to learn Japanese and this app has help me a lot, the pronunciation is great and you can play while studying which is awesome!!! It's fun to play and makes it easier to learn. Excelente Fairly easy to understand So far, super fun and helpful! Sorry I wasn't more specific it would stop drawing at half way but I'm sorry I also forgot to update my review because I found out that it was my phone I learned that because when my daughter who also wanted to learn Japanese even more than me downloaded the app on her phone she had no problems it did stop a little from the end but that's fine and soon after that my phone crashed it wouldent work at all so I'm waiting for my new phone to arrive and I can't whait to downloaded the app I'm sorry Funny and educational.i use it to break the monotone of learning constantly from stuffy textbooks. When I have free time I hope on and learn a few characters at a time. Great app! I love it. Easy to follow and understand. ありがとうございます。 Good way of learning, a little to childish but it is good nonetheless. I just downloaded the app and it wont start. I was hoping to play it..... :( please fix this! Very good teaching game A simple and fun way to learn the alphabets of the Japanese language. Would look forward to grammar correction and sentence formation in later updates. Totally worth it. It's a good way to learn Japanese This app continues to be one of my top fav. It is great for anyone needing to study kanji and fun for kids to get into the language as well. (My 3yr old and 9 yr old love it.) So happy I put out the money for this one! I absolutely love this app.  It's much better than any others I have tried.  One of the best advantages of this over other programs is that you don't have to write 100% perfect the way the example is to get credit for a correct answer.  There is a disadvantage to this too in that sometimes it cuts off the tail ends of the letters (the brushes or jumps) when you are writing so you can't finish the way you see in the example and want to.  That doesn't happen often.  One thing I would like updated is the review reading game.  At least for Katakana on the arcade mode almost all answers are the first button and almost no answers are the last button.  I'd like that to be more random.  As it is, if I'm not sure I know that it is 90% likely that the answer is the first button. it says support the developers but i cant acces to the app and it doesnt even wanna let me refund!! I've been looking for a good way to learn the basic Japanese characters before moving into the genki books this app is just that! Such a brilliant app, definitely worth paying for! It's a very good app if you are already learning Japanese and have trouble remembering some kana. Very cool way to learn by playing mini games I took some Japanese many years ago.  I wish we had this then. I love this game and happy they pronounce the sound too. I wish there was a better way to do brush strokes but this is really good for the technology of today! Just did the first two parts of hiragana and I already can see that is a really good app! La mejor compra que pude haber hecho en la playstore sin duda :) Aprender japonés por tu cuenta,  sobre todo al principio, con los silabarios y los kanji, puede ser muy tedioso. Esta aplicación lo hace bastante entretenido y aprendes sin con el mínimo esfuerzo. Clasificada en hiragana, katakana y Kanji,  te da la opción de estudio mediante juegos, la práctica y los tests para comprobar lo aprendido. Muy recomendable! This game helps a lot if you're studying Japanese! Fun and informative It really teaches you japanese Awesome game, learning alot thank you, please make a romanji game! We want to learn to speak it also This game makes it easy to learn japanese. You have to be careful how you write your hiragana. Totally suggest using a stylus. Anyone should check this out. Great! But you need a stylus to really use it. On my phone, the nexus 5 on marshmallow, when I leave the app to open something else, and then come back to the app, it hangs every time and needs to be forced quit. Otherwise the app would be five stars. Works great now! Used to crash for me, not anymore. Very easy lessons! Only problem I have is that while it teaches you the characters... It does not teach you how to form sentences (that I have noticed anyway) I hope they make a game for that! Great app! The game is actually very interesting and helps me practicing the japanese This has helped my recognition and writing grow at the same time. This is definitely one of the best learning kanji app ever made, the games are really simple and repetitive so you're able to memorize everything but it doesn't feel like study. 10/10 The minigames are very slow and tedious most of the time. They should be faster and more interesting. Love using this to strengthen my other japanese learning tools... Will give five stars when the app has been updated with the others suggestions... Totally amazing I've been wanting to learn japanese. This app great way to start. Easy, fun, and a bit addictive. Best app to learn Japanese!! Very good for a first time learner Very good for learning the alphabets in Japanese - only critique is the writing part can be too specific - even if I'm writing the character correctly, if I go off the path a bit, it has a tendency to count it as wrong. I'm using this app as a review for my hiragana and katakana currently, and it can be tricky to get it right in that specific "font" sometimes when I'm used to writing the character with different breaks in areas that are vastly dependent on font style. Otherwise an excellent tool. If you are learning Japanese then this whole app is a necessity, kind of :P.  For the price of Five Dollars this is a steal for what it is. Aside from the occasional buggy crash of the app, this is a very, very useful study tool / pastime. I will write more when I am further into the app.  -Crashes when going back into the app. I would like to see a fix implemented that saves your progress in the middle of a course. Irritating when it crashes and you have to redo the entire course. I think that what you have here is a good learning tool, however, I HATE THE WRITING SYSTEM. It's very frustrating especially when you know the character but have to write to the specific size of the prewritten one. There should be a toggle option to turn off the writing recognition and only register the strokenumber. There should also be a thing where you can skip the hiragana and have it all ready for the review option. If you fix the first you'll be getting five stars from me. But no grammar or vocab prevents it from being the mastery app this app has the potential to be. I was looking for an app to help me review writing characters and this was fantastic. I feel the interface of this as well as the constant reviews/refreshers would be excellent for beginners too! Thank you so much! Fantastic learning tool! The app looks beautiful the voice recordings are good and It has the perfect learning curve. Altough it is more a child focused app everybody who wants to learn some basics will enjoy it. Thank you to the developers :D It helped a lot with practices during my Japanese class and my sensei recommended it to the class for hiragana and katakana studying. This is the best app to learn Japanese Would give a five star rating, but as others have pointed out, there is an occasional bug where the app will think you have lifted your finger when you haven't! I find it to be a great learning app for the basics. Aside from that one issue I came across is when you go to the study section I can't seem to practice U. I open it and nothing appears. I'm really loving the ability to write the characters and learn the stroke order also the levels and games seem to have the perfect amount of repetition; enough that I can almost feel the nuro pathways in my brain forming (or sometimes re-forming haha), though not too repetitive in that I don't get bored by it. My one reason for not giving it 5 stars is that, maybe 1 in around 10 characters messes up when you draw it, even if you draw it perfectly on the line, it thinks you've lifted your finger. A couple of bugs I noticed. In study mode, on kanji page 5 the bottom 3 symbols, and on page 6 the top three symbols appear incorrect when pressed. For example, pressi g on rain kanji, opens electricity. Another bug was during both Hiragana and Katakana  for one particular lesson, during the dialogue Taco is saying the word and instead of appearing in yellow, the hex for yellow and the word appears. Perhaps a missing bracket in the code? Good fun way to learn In total I spent $3.19 and I believe it was a worthy investment. I've tried self teaching but it's tough all alone so this helps ^-^. Arigato developers! This app is making learning hiragana vowels very easy. I am looking forward to learning more.   The only thing I would like is an option to adjust the volume instead of just turning it off. I'm enjoying it! It's fun,but there's a little problem with the letter A, when I'm drawing it it loses my touch so it counts as bad A fun and very practical way to learn and remember Japanese writing forms. Memorising from books is tedious this is the fun alternative. And gotta re Install overtime I turn on my Wi-Fi. For the rest good App. I think that it may have to many hearts at times, I feel like I can pass without having to try to remember. I think 3 hearts would be better, 6 chances is a lot. 8 is too much. So, my question is what is the app for? I bought to learn to speak Japanese and all I've heard about so for in the app is reading and writing. Will I get lessons that teach me to speak Japanese later on in the app or is this not the app I need in order to listen comprehend and respond? Great. Absolutely love it. Using at alongside the Genki textbooks. Great for practising and memorising. Really a great deal. Awsome app where learn japanese is very easy and funny (low cost). Thanks for your work. It has matching, and writing games and exersices. I use as means of reviewing japanese characters on the go. They need to improve the space use in games like matching, a lot of room is wasted and hurts gameplay on smaller devices. Allow a setting to choose number of repetitions for clases, writing exercises, review and study. Improve randomization system for selection of answers, present most options from the same lesson. For challenges present each character learned not just some. Enjoyable, fun and you learn the basics! The starting indicator on the chalkboard gives away some symbols, but the main issue is if you don't have a symbol directly center of the board or you're off too much,  it says incorrect when you do write the correct symbol.   Only on hiragana but I have a feeling the same issue will happen in the others.  Would give 5 stars if the app would recognize the correct symbol as opposed to a shape directly in the spot it wants. This is exactly what I needed! It tests ya as you learn! And so cute! Edit: I can't believe how much this has taught me thank you so much! Never thought being able to read Japanese was possible, until i got this app.  It is really good at using repetition and fun to help learn things thoroughly. Highly recommend! Love it! I only wish there could be an upgrade with more mini games. Otherwise, I never thought I could learn Japanese characters this quickly. First it teaches calligraphy complete with audio and best of all it comes with mini games that test your reading speed and reaction time. (Hiragana levels) will revise if any changes in opinions. This app really help me in learning japanese. I was wondering, why they didn't make the skip button from the beginning. I would give 5 star, but the conversation between that 2 octopus really waste my time, ugh Great and fun way to learn the basics. My daughter loves this app. Its fun and you learn an awesome language so its like a double whammy. Pretty cool right Nice and extra tool when learning how to write and speak Japanese from a person This app makes learning basics of Japanese fun. I've never seen a more fun way to learn a language :) A few issues at first but they resolved themselves. Great app, I am enjoying it a lot so far. Learned a lot in a few days. Highly recommend. I really like this app compare to other japanese learning app. They really put a lot effort into making this app. Only thing that i dislike about the app and keep me from giving five starts is it feel kind of slow, maybe have a skip button to skip over the talking would help. Its a fun and simple educational game. Won't turn you into a master of japanese, but great at presenting the basics if you plan on learning it seriously later on or just want to brush up on your knowledge. I fully recommend it. The app really makes you learn Japanese in a fun quirky way. I love what this game has to offer!! It challenges me and the mini games are fun! The "express" option is wonderful for just refreshing!! This game is teaches kids or adults at an good pace and it makes you learn it it is really good and a good spend of money I'm glad I got it Sometimes the gesture recognition leaves a little to be desired, but very good overall. It's almost perfect! Sometimes the mini games won't load during the play. Otherwise I LOVE IT!  Update 6/21/15 - still stalls in level two whack a mole mini game. This is a well made app to teach writing the basics And kanji, for me most of it is repetitive so its a bit tedious for now. It would be cool to have like a placement test for those who have some basic knowledge already, that way unlocking things don't seem like such a chore once you get used to the mini games (which I LOVE). One thing I'm worried about is: is this one of those typical "learn kanji=learn Japanese" apps? May be too early for me to call this my dream app, so I'll leave it at 4 stars for now. Great game, makes learning to write fun. There are a few bugs, I have had the came freeze. When it does that you have to close the app and start you level all over again. Kind of a pain but I like the game overall so I keep playing. Apart from the previously mentioned technical issues, it's perfect especially for complete beginners. I would love to see a second edition with more kanji and basic words. Definitely worth buying :D Nice apps to play and learn japanese. I love that an easy app to learn Japanese exist It's the perfect game to study kanjis and kanas. I've learned quite a lot, don't know how to speak Japanese but I plan to. The mini games are great! This is a great learning tool for those who want to read Japanese. I highly recommend it to all my friends who want to learn. Character recognition is too strict and the game occasionally freezes while loading the wack a mole mini game (gets to 100% and then nothing.) Also could use a little more mini game diversity. But all in all, worth purchasing. Excellent method. Lessons are short and include various minigames (quizzes) which is proven to be one of the best ways to learn. Highly recommended. i found a tiny bug in the sushi bar mini game, i dragged the food too fast that the image got stuck to the right side of the screen but the octopus alreay has confirmed that he recieved his meal. Also, the transitions between each challenge/drawing is kind of slow for me. hope it gets a bit faster. other than that, the game itself is good. I'd give it 5 stars if the transistion was faster :) The app itself is fantastic it worth every cent of the money I paid its way fun and interesting and it hasn't any bug, or at least I haven't seen one for the moment I'm sure I will take advantage of it. Thank you very much for developing it and also translating it in such a big amount of languages, it's really useful for not native English speakers. This has really helped me learn the correct stroke order for the characters. I wish there were more variety as far as games to play, but this app really reinforces reading and writing skills. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to learn Japanese. I love this app I'm currently leaning Japanese in preparation for my trip to Japan and this app makes learning fun! Works awesome!  I learned stuff! I love this app. Its amazing and i love that certain characters have stuck and when i see them i know what they are and can remember them. However there are some glitches that i experience myself, one of the most annoying ones is when the curtain raises for you to guess the right character the clock starts counting before the curtain even lifts. Other wise its amazing Awesome! I just downloaded the game yesterday and only played it for like 10 minutes then stopped. Now whenever I start it it just gives me a black screen and just a message where it says support the developer and when I click it it sends me here. What am I supposed to do now? The only problem is that minigames are much too rushed, never giving time to think. Otherwise the app is amazing (=^·^=), I would love it if there was a printout sheet with the hiragana/katakana/kanji on it! It's  super helpful  and I love how it quizzes  you often  to make sure you learn and it's  really  fun to  play  even  though  sense gets  grumpy  a lot Please fix this everytime I open it nothing happens just a black screen o waited 3 minutes still not loading please fix this Played for three days and love it thus far. Tips: Use the study to practice instead og do doing the challenges when you fail. Made learning hirigana a lot easier for me. - Edit: the bug is present only if you switch profile after a defeat! - If you switch profile the game display is almost empty and the Japanese characters missing. You must log off and restart the app every time. Very annoying. Please fix.  Thx I have tried other apps in the past but none have been as easy to use, and easy to learn as this one. Its a really cool app The game itself is fantastic, however there are a few technical issues. Mainly on certain characters the sensitivity is too high. It's not frequent or bad enough for it to be game breaking but it does happen enough for it to be annoying. If that was fixed somehow then this would definitely be a five star game/learning tool. Just learning the alphabet do far but pretty fun and entertaining I am hoping to learn more from this app. It is a cute game with a good chance to learn japanese Best app ive used for trying to learn japanese Thisbis absolutely brilliant for learning from scratch. Loses a star dur to regular crashes when loading the 'whack-a-mole' style minigame. Even with the crashes it's well worth getting. Having to repeat stuff ends up actually helping you anyhow :P I'm a complete rookie so at least I can learn the basic things I guess? I'm  planning on getting classes once I get a job! Ix recommend this to anyone. Its a great game to learn japanese from. Deffs worth buying Really enjoying it. I feel like I'm learning something It's fun but moves a little quick... And a bit sensitive. Overall a great way to learn!!! Cutesy graphics motive me to study haha Great way to improve Japanese writing skills! I wish there was a way to learn and test vocabulary. I took a Japanese  class in college, but would like to refresh my memory on vocabulary. However, this app is perfect for reviewing hiragana, katakana, and kanji! It is so fun to play all the games. The little bit of information about Japan is interesting as well. Bug at loading 2nd minigames when play mode if get all words perfect.. please fix it ASAP! Been playing this for a while now, and it's a great way to learn Japanese. Thanks for making this app!!! Learn japanese the easy way This app is amazing. Really got me going. Tako is really cute and his sensee is not easy to please :) awesomeness.  so worth the money. but the drawing parts a pain sometime glitches at weird times. I've been using this in conjunction with actual Japanese lessons and its been nice to have something to work on my hiragana when I'm waiting in line, etc  I've had this app for awhile and seen many updates. Its a great app to start out with and the owner likes feedback and is constantly trying to make it better.  Keep up the good work  ありがとうございます！ This app is so helpful with my journey to learn Japanese. Being a gamer, this app is perfect. Really good app, the only thing i dislike is that when i started it i already knew all hiragana, but still i was forced to go through all of it so i could unlock katakana and now i have to go through all the katakana to do the kanjis, i think they should leave that free for the player's choice. I enjoy this app and with the new update am learning from it much more, especially in terms of writing the characters. So definitely worth getting. I would say it does need more (drawing) mini games as it can get repetitive and stale. And maybe a bit of a speed up for some of the animations. Overall though a good learning tool. Great app It is enjoyable to learn the characters and their stroke order while watching a couple of tako! I highly recommend this app to anyone who wants to learn stroke order. It's really good for children, too. Just as the title says. I'm using it to supplement another source for sentence structure and grammar. Great app for learning how to write the three alphabets. Engaging, challenging and fun Excellent way to learn hiragana and katakana. Though I wish there was an immersion mode, where no English is used. It would be nice to get encouragement and instructions in Japanese from sensei. Thanks for the great app! I loved playing this game on my moms phone but when I tried to open it on my phone it says that there was a package access helper error I've been loving this. Great way to teach the Hiragana, Katakana, and Kanji. Doesn't matter what i press it won't do anything!!!!?????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!???????? This is one of the most fun things I've done in a while. Really brings back memories of teaching myself hiragana when I was younger. Amazing music, visuals, and simple to understand. Although I hope to see it progress to something a little more advanced, this app is truly a gem. Great job devs! Great app and so funny, good idea with mini games, in general excellent, just need to be a little bit more flexible when you are drawing characters, but isn't a problem Perfect for the inner weeaboo. ;) Buggy & slow. Will sometimes recognize input but not often. App is supposed to have light-hearted theme but carries it way past the point of usability. Far too late for refund as I tired several times over several weeks to get on board but app not a good fit for me. Others may love it - wish I was one of them. Many times while drawing the hirigana it will say that my stroke is incorrect even when tracing the red line. It's a major annoyance for me getting marked off when it appears that I should have gotten credit for a correct answer. Great app but latest build is displaying an error saying unsupported phone model?  Using standard rom and was working last week  :( Great resource! This is the only app I've found on either Android or iOS that will actually try to teach you how to write kana and kanji and evaluate you as well, but the trace detection is very finicky and there are characters like む which I can't type at all without losing many lives.  Also, the lessons are slowed down by useless animations, even more so inside the minigames. Yeah, seeing the little tako jump with joy when you write a character well is cute, but the animations add up and the whole lesson takes way longer than it should. And don't get me started on the minigames: why should I tap on the screen to fill a heart in the baseball minigame? What is the purpose of that awful-looking coin animation in the beginning of the arcade minigame? Why do I have to stare at a bunch of animals chomping down food each time I match their orders and then wait for the "round # start" text to go away before I can start matching their orders again?  I really want to like this game because I think it's a great idea and the methodology is good, but the execution needs lots of polishing. As it is now, the lessons are too irritating for me. Help lots with my japanese Replied promptly Really good, already remember the first 50% of hirigana and only played for a few hours. Very fun learning app.  You did a great job here guys.  Fun and enjoyable. Some of the mini games are dull but it is a nice app This is absolutely one of the best apps for learning kana. Haven't tried the Kanji part yet. I hope the developers keep on developing the app further with even more mini games. I also hope they develop a few sequels until the cover JLPT N5 to N1. Keep up the good work guys. You should be proud of yourselfs. This game is really helping in conjunction with my Rosetta Stone. I find memorizing the characters and how to write them much easier through this app. Just one lesson a night has helped a lot. The mini games can be a little repetitive and annoying sometimes. And the express levels have a habit of starting the timer before you even see the choices but over all I'm very pleased with this app. Worth the money if serious about learning the characters. Covering stroke order, drawing and reading,and having mini games to force you to memorize them in a non-route way, this is a perfect Japanese learning app. I thought japanese was imposible until i played this game. Now i just can't stop playing and learning. I wasted my money on this and I so badly wanted to use it but it won't even load on my phone. All I get is a black screen. My older brother downloaded it the same time I did and it works for him. So I'm very disappointed that I can't use it. Unfortunately, this app gives me a black screen and never loads on my HTC one m8. Waste of money and a huge let down because I was excited to try it out. Epic Seem like fun if i can use it, but im stuck on support the developers screen and cant access the app Great app, makes learning Japanese characters fun 😁 Exactly what the market has needed. Learning a foreign language should be fun and interactive. Many apps have failed to do this properly but you guys have succeeded in this area. This app has the potential to become to best way to learn Japanese on the market. I've just tried this app so I'm not sure if grammar and common everyday phrases are covered in greater detail later on. The historical and cultural facts are appreciated. Keep up the good work! This app helped me practice my Japanese. best app 5 stars very helpfull a must have app for learning japanese. i use it evry day for more then 3 houers a day. Learning Japanese has become fun and easy with this. I hope to see the new minigames,modes and kanji soon :) I read all the great reviews and was excited to try it but I feel very disappointed. The main reason is because say, for example, you're half way through lesson one, then close the app briefly, even for a few minutes, then try to go back to lesson one, it restarts you from the very beginning of the lesson instead of picking up where you left off, which is very frustrating because I'm trying to use it to learn in my free time at work. Not to mention it is a little buggy. :( Very disappointed.. after reading reviews of this I really wanted to try it out, but whenever I run it I simply get 'Package Manager' force close messages and a black screen :( Very enjoyable with a low learning curve Really helpfull for honning japanese language and never though learning kanji will be fun and easy! Refuses to load under any circumstances. Will not go past either a black screen or a "support the developers" message I have been looking for a long time to find a way to learn Japanese but I don't have much time. This is just perfect to start learning.  Great job ! So helpful and I like the info on the loading page to. It's not super easy but that is what helps you do it over and over again and learn better. I will recommend it to everyone. Awesome You guys are awesome.  I was just complaining about that baseball game. ありがとう see im learning. 😀 Unknown error code during the application install / 550. A month I can't play. Since I update to 5.0 Fantastic! Works extremely well. Very smooth animation and a great fun way to learn Japanese I am enjoying the pace of the learning experience! I keep going back to old lessons to refresh. It's a prefect mix of visual and memorization Unfortunately, Package Access Helper has stopped, every time... Absolutely love it so far.  Helping me get prepared for my Japanese class. Definitely recommend to a friend who is interested in learning  Japanese. Esta app de Takos Japanese es muy buena amigos les recomiendo comprarla sera la mejor compra de todas sus vidas. Si de verdad quieren aprender japones pero no saven en donde empezar les recomiendo esta app 100% aprenderan muy bien y rapido el japones sin olvidar sus minijuegos entretenidos que tiene. Muchas felicidades a los creadores. Looks awesome. Can't wait until it gets fixed because I can not refund this... I love this app! That said, as someone completely new to Japanese, it's hard to remember all the hiragana. Obviously it'll be hard no matter what, but something to make it easier would be to give more feedback when the player does stuff wrong in mini games. Right now the game just kinda makes you guess whenever you pick the wrong pronunciation for something. I feel like there should be a better way because it gets frustrating at times. Works great with the Samsung S-Pen. Love it. An enjoyable way to learn japanese, so charm and well designed, you kept an eye on all the details. Cute and effective way to learn the basics of the japanese language That app is perfect for everybody. I would never thought that I'll be learning japanese, but with this app is very easy to learn it! Very good way to learn to write and read Japanese, it's really easy to remember the letters trough the minigames ¡And the octopus is so cute! Would like to see a option to adjust the screen bounds. I can't get the game to display properly I have a screenshot of the best view I get I love the game minus this can you help A classic in my eyes It's only getting 4 stars as I have gotten the same artifice 5 times in a row before other then that it's a great game and if I was able to the rating would have been 4.5 Not a bad game, but the UI still needs a little tweaking. I can see the edge of the gold icon with the buttons adjusted all the way to the left, but I can't see the amount. Inventory button and spell menu are cut off too, and when I press the spell menu, I can only see the healing spells, of which I don't have any, and I can't use other spells I've collected. I played on my computer long time ago and now my memories back. Fun to play Great game, must have for all rpg fans! I actually played the second game first. There are definitely some improvements on the second game, but this is a fun game in it's own right. Delightful! Played the flash version and had to buy for mobile. Nice little game to grind while doing something else. The instructions are a little vague if this is your first time playing. The objective is to collect permanent artifacts and stat gems without dying. Along the way you also find temporary gear that can advance you on your current exploration or be sold for cash. Use the escape wings to exit when low on health and resume from a previously discovered checkpoint. DON'T DIE. It's a bit upsetting that you guys took away the keep what you wear ability..I liked beating the game an keep non gold equipment..the stats are better with some an you used to be able to keep them on an start over when you completed the game with what you have equipped..but it's all in all a fun game thou I like it but it could use more gear Such a great game. Will be buying part 2. After trying out TEC2 on a sale and then being put off by the lack of optimization for characters but then picking it up and getting stuck in it i decided to pick this one up just to say thanks for a fun little title, one i didn't expect nearly as much out of, the other one was fun. This title however is rather buggy, and not nearly as well thought out. This is a super fun roguelike. It plays like a brisker version of the Ancient Cave from Lufia 2, with its own identity, of course. Nice but I'm not keeping all items after using scape wings. If there's a way to fix it will be great. Never trust merchants Both Enchanted Cave games are incredibly fun roguelikes to play. I have played a good majority of the dungeon crawler rpgs on Android, but I think these two might be my favorites! I am a huge long-time fan of the TEC games and I have replayed them both many times. Can't fault them or the dev at all and TEC1 will always be one of my fav games of all time :). Worth every penny and then some imo. An good rpg game.less cost but and awesome game.appreciate the game a lot  and can u make like more floors and can u get an special armor if u defeat  the boss second time.keep up the good work Good fun. I've found that shop at level 9. I'm starting to see how it works.    ** Beginners guide.  Concentrate on grabbing jewels and red chests only at the start, don't kill everything.  Shops are at level 9, 19, 29 etc.  Don't bother going beyond shops if you don't think you'll survive. Wing it back out, and hunt for jewels again to buff up and empty the red chests. Avoid attacking anything with more Defense that your Attack.  Elemental attack by tapping on enemy then on your elemental button.   ** Make sure you have 340 Defense and 60-70 at least on Elemental Defense before you try levels 80 onward and for the Boss at the end. Great roguelike! Surprised it doesn't​ cost more! Really well done sprites and layouts.  Wish the levels were a little bigger, but awesome none the less! Excited to play the sequel, but I need to finish this one first! I have loved this game since the day it was released and have followed the developer ever since. Loved it! Every time I go to the shop now... Is there going to be a number 3? Brings back childhood memories playing this on pc Every time I use wing to return to shop floor all my equipment are stolen and I have to pay for them to be returned to me!  Cheating thief!  Uninstalling!  This app made me say bad words.  Uninstalling prevent me from it.  Good thing I only paid 99¢ for this.  Nothing big. I love the grind Loved it better than any rpg ever Love it but wish it was longer and had more stuff or had something like a hardmode Absolutely fantastic. This had me hooked immediately. In fact I have 5 people at work hooked now. I beat it so on to the second one. Great awesomely awesomeness Great game!  Slightly lacking in replay value, but totally worth it.  (Check out Enchanted Cave 2 for better replay value!) You start as a lowly dungeon peasant that can only make it to floor 12. Then you slowly start to get more and more powerful until you're hitting floor 100 with ease. A really fun and addictive game that's light on system resources but high on loot and replay value! Already a fan from kongregate... Had to make the buy for mobile. Unfortunately no new changes really, but just had a chance to play the sequal online. Very cool, exceeded my expectations for playability and smoothness and brought a lot of what was missing to the second game! Waiting on an app release! Cheers and great job again! Specially for one programmer / artist.... And great music composition for part 2! I have been playing this game a lot on the PC. One of my all time favorite rogue like game ! Can't wait for the sequel to appear on mobile ! I played it first on Kongregate, and of course bought it here because its a GREAT game. Waiting for the sequel, which has many improvements. Love this game. So you can use escape wings to get out before you die, and forfeit everything but your coins, gems, and the artifacts. Crappy part is you don't always find the wings, and I had luckily found 2 artifacts which to my knowledge you kept if you die, but it appears they only stay if you can escape wing out of their after you collect them. Otherwise they go away as well. Kind of a bummer. Liked it on kongregate. Love it on tablet! Enchanted cave 2 looks awesome! Cannot wait to get it in the play store! Used to play it ALL the time. But it won't run on android 5.x on nexus 5 for me. Else I would give 5 stars! Cloud saving pls! Fun little dungeon crawler with a twist. Worth it :-D Lots of fun Fun and easy to play. Love it, looking forward to the sequel! Awesome game, very fun without being too difficult, but I beat it in about 2 hours. Can't really complain for the price there! I love it :p two things though,  1) dragons give 21 gold but it says they should give 23. And 2) if you close the game after dieing and re open it you're alive in that room still.  Two little things in an amazing game This was a great game. Loved it and  would really, really like a sequel or a few hundred more levels. Would/will certainly buy anything else like this. Auxier is quite talented. I played through the flash version 5 times or so, I love it! So excited to see the port to android, and wonderfully done! I read through your blog and can't wait for 2. Will 2 also be ported to android? Awesome roguelike I like dungeon crawling to waste time, and this one is simple, fun, and satisfying. And the best part is that its fair. No weird cheap shots like in other roguelikes. The escape mechanic works well, and can be used when you're low on health/mana to get out... The only way to really 'die' is to push your own luck. Big thumbs up to the developer!! Great game, Cant wait for the second One! One of the best dungeon crawlers out there. Cannot wait for the second. What more can I say?  Look out for the second game! I'm enjoying it so far. The inventory system is pretty interesting. Let's me get all decked out in artifacts pretty early.  There seems to be a glitch where the inventory disappears though. I have exit out of the game completely to see everything I have.  Boots seem to stick around just fine. Great rogue like.. Pretty short and easy if you know what to exploit (defence).   I would have liked an endless mode, at this point it's only a 4 - not much replay value but worth the couple dollars for the first run through the dungeon. Pretty fun but gets old quick Good but repetitive. Pixel dungeon is much better. Uninstalled Amazing game, 10 hours well spent beating it and getting 100% completion. It managed to stay interesting throughout, and I absolutely adore how it allowed for very tactical play without really forcing it. Just one small potential point of improvement -- move that "end quest" button in the menu! That cost me a bunch of progress when I selected that over "save and quit" by accident. Highly recommend this game. ITS Fun beat it and there is no replay value Played the browser version for god knows how many hours. Happy to support the creator by buying the mobile version This game is amazingly fun! It stays simple for awhile until you get into the higher levels. Once you start your game, be prepared to play for a couple hours before you put it down to take a break. Can't wait for the sequel! Awesome! Keep up the good work ;-).  HTC one m8 and nexus7 Had the game for about 5 days maybe already made it to 100th floor the last floor with 100k gold needs more good game and worth 99 cents Beautiful rogue-like puzzler.  Why did I not know about this sooner?  'TIS A SIN. Played it on kongregate, one of the most addictive games i have ever played. Simple but gets you hooked in moments I'm a huge fan of the flash game and this version is even better. Absolutely addicting. Can't wait to see more from this developer! Played this one kongregate numerous times and just had to buy the mobile version...can't wait for tec2 =D Awesome game.  Great way to kill time on the train Good game. Only issue I have is after extended play it gets choppy. Im on a galaxy tab3. Rogue-like-revolutionary right here. Hands down seat at the round table in the high courts of it's genre. Keep up this motivation! loved it on kongragte, love it more on android. No reason for graphics to run slow like this.  But main issue is that game is boring with zero puzzles or real challenges.  See DROD RPG for the static fighting genre done properly. This is still one of my favorite dungeon crawlers please make a second one have followed you since first on kongregate. Just supporting your well deserved work. Game is fun and casual but comes with very limited directions making it difficult to get very far I played this game so much on Kongregate, I put hours into it.  A couple of problems though. 1) The fading black screen transition, it doesn't fit the whole screen, just the upper left two thirds. 2) There isn't any help on what stats and symbols mean. While I remember some from my Kongregate days, not all, and I noticed the help page from the pc version is gone.  Anyway, the game is great and I love all the new changes! EDIT: Also, game will not fully close, and I have to force close. I have never been into games like this. A buddy of mine suggested I try breaking the ice with this one, and now I am completely hooked. Props to Dustin Auxier. He probably gets tons of ladies because of this game. I was almost certain I wouldn't like this game and that the playing style wouldn't be for me but I decided to take a chance, anyway. 2.5 hours later I've finally stopped playing long enough to comment. Edit: Well I beat it in about 6-7 hours of playing time. Still worth every penny. Any plans for another 100 floors?  It remind me of the old flash version other than its better you can walk on the cloth from coin bags finally and you can tap on other side and your character will walk there. But 1 thing I wish was changed was the coins since after using the escape wings a few times I'm at 14000 coins and have most of the artifacts and barely use them they need more uses and or better equipment for tons more coins though love the game. After beating the final floor there isn't really much else to do besides starting over. Instead of starting from scratch, it would be more entertaining to start over with all of our artifacts and with even stronger enemies! I rarely take the time to rate a game, but this is an excellent mini RPG. No story, but fun loot collecting. Quite addicting. Great job devs. Love this game, just what I needed for my android. This game has got tons of loot and no in app purchases, and that makes me happy Fun while it lasted, but too easy, and with limited replayability. Could use some nethack-esque classes, higher difficulty, and less forgiving deaths for a real challenge. Great game... But I picked up fire strike and can't seem to be able to use it Just wanna tap my way threw dungeon and find powerful items best game on android hands down updates for tablet been great ! This was available online in flash I believe.  This is a perfect adaptation (by the same people, no stealing) for mobile.  Excellent time waster, and even resumes right where you left it days later.  Beautiful. Played this for countless hours on PC, pumped it is now handheld! I remember playing this game on kongregate and loving every second of it. I purchased it for my galaxy note 3 and am absolutely pleased with the mobile version. Great rogue like game for the DROID which keeps sucking you back in. Can't wait for number 2!!!  This used to be one of the only reasons I would go to the kongregate website. I'm very happy that it made its way to the mobile platform. Best of luck to the developer and hope to see more features! Love this game played though it several times.  Needs a hard mode or a challenge survival mode I played the crap out of this on Kongregate. Then Gamestop bought Kongregate, so I played it on the developer website. Now I can play it wherever, thank you developer! The free flash version was fun and this has the potential to be just as good but items in my inventory keep randomly changing. I have emailed the developer who has said they will rectify the bug. So fun can't wait for number 2!! Kills my time nicely! Great fun for the first 99 levels if you enjoy those old school dungeon crawl games. Kind of dull that the final boss is all about stacking your magic resistance evenly. I love rouge-like games and this one is a nice one to pick up and play, I can't wait for the developer to add more monsters, content, weapons and artifacts. Maybe even some boss fights. Also would be nice to have a leaderboard Would be nice to see an endless dungeon mode after you beat the game though. Really easy and short (less than a day) once you figure it out, but it's fun and the controls are great. This game is a real blast! It's an interesting take on the rogue-like genre... and I like it a lot! The loot gathering is highly addictive and the game as a whole is hard to put down. Definitely one of the best $1 you'll ever spend on GP. For a buck you can't beat this game, must buy!!!!Suport the non IAP app developers, we need more apps like these! Just on more floor, then I'll get back to work... Only bad thing about the game is its so freaking addictive :)  Been playing a couple days and really enjoying it.  Simple game design that keeps you coming back for more.  At present max level is 100 and am already reaching level 80 so hope an expansion is going to be released. No problems playing on my HP Slate 7 with Android 4.1.1. The interface is very intuitive. I don't really want to stop tapping my way through this cave. but now its even better :P And this one brings back old. memories. Love the style and how it plays. Truly unique. When a player dies, they loose all of their progress in a run, and have to restart it. I've died multiple times due to my own stupidity, but I've always wanted the option to escape with the escape wings as I die, and make it out of the dungeon. Now, because this could seem overpowered at times, I propose that upon death, the player just escapes, with no option to use potions or anything else that could also save them. This could be implemented as an option upon death, or just the simple/sudden usage of the escape wings. Everyone's favorite flash dungeon crawler, now on your phone.  This version have new features that smooth out the gameplay, like "sell all junk" button and magic quick menu. What a great game! Heard about this from a friend and holy cow is it addicting! Just right amount of strategic planning and fun. Great work, I played this on kongregate and it is an excellent conversion.  Works well on my Xperia tablet. Love this game Fun and addicting. You won't regret buying this game. I have played this game so many times. It is an absolute must buy. Retro_Enjoyed. Good app. But has only few options. Please add some more options. The game is adorable, the puzzles and the overall mechanic are nice. The graphic is out of this world, seriously. Prior to Dec 13th 2020, the game run smoothly without issue on Android 4.3 and 4.4 but my Android 5.1.1 phone experiences LAGGING in most levels. The Dec 13th 2020 update enhances the performance quite a lot, yet the LAGGING persists partly in several levels. (The most obvious one would be when the UFO descends in the 4th level) Great game with awesome art and story, but game becomes unplayable after the library level because a small piece to the right of the screen is cut off Pretty good game, but this implementation is barely working. The right side is cut off, so a bunch of interactions can't be seen and some don't work. This means can't get all the achievements. mantap game nya seru mencari kepingan robot nya Oh man I didn't want to leave a bad review but the very first (slime) level is impossible to beat. The display seems to be missing a centimeter of graphic/control on the right side, even though my phone is supposed to be wide enough (there is even black strips to accommodate the extra width). I've heard great things about this game, but I can't play it. Looking forward to any updates, but not holding my breath since the last update was 3 ago in 2017. :( If you loved Tiny Thief, you'll love this game! Challenging puzzles, sweet story line, great animation. Super cute so cute. Love to play this game Pixel 5 clipping issue can't play game Love it A cute game that i reccomend you get, its fun and challenging The game itself is great, looks fantastic and the levels are challenging and good fun. But it's incredibly buggy. Half the time it just won't open at all and sometimes various levels are inaccessible. Very frustrating and irritating and not what I'd expect from a paid app. I am loving this game! I have a pixel and the game seems to sit slightly to the right so I cannot see where the memory items sit as they are off screen. If it wasn't for this I'd give it 5 stars! Fun challenging puzzles Perfect!!! The absolute cutest and most amazing game of the century. Very laggy on Chromebook. gave up Very fun. I enjoyed all the levels, however I did find the end quite anticlimactic. A lot of fun, but the game is REALLY laggy, to the point of being unplayable. It's not consistent but more often than not I am unable to play this game due to slowdowns/stuttering. Amazing game I love the game but when I try to play it on my Note 10+ part the screen is cut off. Hope there's a patch that fixes this issue Fun but cuts off the right side of the screen on my Nexus Amdroid so could only play a few levels. Doesn't work. Cannot go past the first screen suggesting to use headphones. I really love this game, I grew up with tiny thief and absolutely loved it but then it just disappeared. This game is great and reminds me of it in the gameplay and graphics. If the developers read this then it would be awesome if you could make a second puzzle game like this but with a more midevil theme. 5-5 Stars 🌟. Really enjoyable and works great on the Note 10+ once you force it into full screen mode. Unfortunately it just wiped out most of the memories I'd collected on previous levels and I don't want to have to back and play through them all again. Please fix this cut off issue. Please I love this game ;_; Edit: Just fixed the problem. Goto App Info > Enable Full Screen Mode > DONE Im playing on my galary note 10 plus and i cant see the edges of the screen i cant get past mission 6, An alien on the playgroun because of this matter, until its fixed, im out Great game but screen resolution on Samsung note 10 plus goes weird. Either gives you a small screen or cuts off a third of the screen. Played the first few levels thinking the game looked weird, it was. Part of the screen was missing. Game is awesome, but the screen seems to be cut off from some levels, and then you can't continue with the game. Sent a email, but no reply received... Hello Alike Studios. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE bring Tiny Thief back to the Google Play Store and the App Store. Please!!! I loved it SOOOOO MUCH! Please. I'm sure lots of people would love it. Oh and I LOVED this game. It's so great. I hope you guys at Alike Studio actually read this. This game is pretty good but sometimes just boring It would have been better if there was a way to fail GREAT! Cute Amazing game to play on the go. This game is so clever, i am loving the storyline and animation, it's so damn cute! However i haven't given 5 stars because it seems a bit laggy, kosmo sometimes decides to walk reaaalllyyy slowly which is a bit annoying. Otherwise the game is brilliant 👌 i really enjoyed it , similar to tiny thief game but with out hints Not working on my laptop and not impossible instal in my phone;( One of the best games out there. Simple interface, cute story, challenging puzzles, lovely worlds. Doesn't fit modern tall screens properly. Some assets are centred while others ar aligned to the left of the screen making things misaligned and others cut off completely. It's a shame because the game itself is good. such a cute puzzle game. super cute graphics and creative puzzles. brilliant game ... keep them coming Adorable animation and storyline! The comic pieces are wonderful to experience the tale of these two lovers. I love the dramatic music too. Great time killer! 💜 reaaaaaly satisfying Amazing game. Please keep creating more! Wanted to love it... but had ongoing issues with lagging in much of the key areas of gameplay. Emailed the developere, but no reply sadly. Doesn't fit on the screen. Sides are cut off, so unable to progress past the library level. very frustrating. nice game Please bring your other games like Bring You Home and Very Little Nightmares to Android, really want to play them This is beautiful and heartwarming game.. Great job to the team! And yea, can you please make 'Bring You Home' on Android and/or Steam? Thank you xx Beautiful graphics, very sweet story, amazing game. There are so many small details in this game that make it so wonderful. Definitely recommend for any point-and-click lovers! Can't wait to see what this company makes next! loved it This game is cute and I like the puzzles. I ran into a lagging issue while playing though which seems like a glitch because it would only start lagging after certain actions like going through a door, and then it would continue to lag. It would take the Cosmo so long to get anywhere. It would also be nice to have a save feature so that you wouldn't have to start at the beginning of a level if you needed to exit and take a break. awesome game This game is going to be a big hit on Android like what it did on IOS. Love this game so much Unfortunately it's not optimazed for my screen - it's cutted on sides + I can't see what items I took and didn't see memories items. Phone Huawei Mate 20. Cute, funny and original. I found a Wall-e reference Not optimized for 18:9 display :( please fix it, I really wanted to play this game but some part of the screen is cut. i love it because i spend most of my time at my dads playing it and its fun and addictive. Ingenious puzzles paired with charming graphics. Absolutely loved this game. Great little story to follow, cute graphics. I play a lot of games & this one is one of my favorites. Befor i payed for game took my cash and cant down load now i can so 5 star i played on ipad and games asome nice music and story line feelings fun plz make more game keep ur good work if game worth more i would still pay for it thx for not scaming me... This game is simply beautiful. Each of the varied and numerous levels is  packed with so much detail and character its a simple joy to watch each  little scene unfold. The puzzles are simple in the main, and that's a great  thing as it means you get to observe the universe, the animation is simply  sublime, and can be heartwarming or downright funny. The octopus in the  hotel made me smile a lot! It's also really clever, messing with the flow  of time in some levels with lots of nods to famous movies or video games.  Just play it, its worth the experience. Well done Alike Studio's for pure  polished pocket gaming perfection! Insanely good. Beautiful, creative, humorous Endearing, delightful and good length. Not hard to complete but a challenge  to find all the hidden momentos. My only gripe was that it didnt have a  stealth element like tiny thief, which just added a little more complexity  to what is essentially a point and click puzzler. Still a great mobile game. I have Tiny thief actually on an old phone I use as a gameboy that I bought  all the content for, (before it disappeared). Love this one too, especially  the new type of gameplay having some of the same too. The mini games and  extra finds are really fun plus the little homages and Easter eggs you see  around the levels. Tons of content and fun all around, levels gradually get  bigger and bigger so doesn't feel overwhelming. I just hope after the long  wait for this on andriod we will eventually get Bring You Home! Great game but at times the graphics are just not clear enough (on a Huawei  P10) - For example the totems on Assemble the Temple - and I could only  complete the level with online help. This game stops at level 12 I have Huawei pad This app is and has been one of the best apps on the play store since it  released Superb game. Kipidap If you are an android user do not bother to download it. It is slow and  laggy to the no end. Save your money and avoid frustration. This game just cracks me up. Smooth as! I found this game in my search to find a game like "Tiny Thief". The spirit  of Tiny Thief is in this game because the same developers that made Tiny  Thief made this game! So I didn't hesitate to pay. The game is great and  looks amazing on my Pixel 2 XL. I didn't experience any of the issues other  reviewers had. Maybe if you have a low end device it won't work well? I  absolutely love these types of games. I'm able to leisurely play and enjoy  the puzzle aspect of the game. The story is also very heartfelt. Telling it  without words definitely takes a certain level of skill, and they pulled it  off. Good jobs guys. I look forward to the next game....whether it be a  sequel to this one or a completely different game! This is simply one of the greatest point and click games ever existed on mobile. I'm blown away, big time. Love the fact that it's a lot of small games. Not one large game, whin you  finished one you go to the next. Tks The game is great, but hangs on world 21 Trapped In The Lab on two of my  devices, different android versions and manufacturers. Clearing and  reinstalling the game have no effect. Issue reported to developer in hope  of resolution. Don't know if I can gather additional diagnostics or not,  but may try again. Will revisit this review if anything changes. Really great game! Well though out and very creative hope there will be a number 2 Beautiful in every way. Clever, funny, curious, and challenging. Really enjoyed the artistry, timing, and variety of this puzzle based game. Android bug 1: On my Samsung S7 Edge this game keeps the device from sleeping even when you've backed out of the app and switched it to background - you have to explicitly close the app from the task menu to stop this behaviour. The game should only keep the screen alive while in foreground  - please fix this!   Android bug 2: Noticed this sometimes slows down quite a bit after playing a few levels continuously - not sure if this is something to do with my phone or the game itself.  The game itself however, is excellent and if you liked Tiny Thief you'll love this! (5* once bugs are fixed!) Brilliant app. So sweet.  Would get 5* or more, but it's prone to freezing when loading levels, or failing to show the level load screen properly (in both cases not loading at all) on some devices (particularly level 24).  I'd report as a bug, but can't see how. A beautiful and engaging point-and-click with great puzzles, inventive level design and an engaging story. Well worth playing - but beware that some of the level screens with a lot of animated elements can become frustrating as the frame-rate takes a nose-dive. 10/10a must buy Best game ever worth the money I'm so addicted 😀mahooosive 👍s up from me!! Great game, great humor, great animations, fun puzzles, however I felt the ending could have been a bit longer. Well worth the money though. :) This was a brilliant game and incredibly addictive. Lots of great pop culture references and really good puzzles. Some very tricky. Beautiful graphics and an adorable story. There were plenty levels but I still wish there were more. The only thing stopping me giving 5 stars is that it is occasionally quite laggy. But only occasionally. One of the best point click adventures I've ever played. The simplistic graphics don't take anything away from the 28 innovative worlds and collectibles this game possesses. It's a heart warming journey full of hours of gameplay. Def recommend. (I had no problems with lagging and didn't experience any glitches or bugs. Not sure what everyone was talking about.) Its a great game, the problem is it soo laggy on my Mi A1, please fix it i actually enjoying the game if its not running at slow motion The best n the most adorable point n click adventure on the play store. Can't wait for their next release Bring you Home So lovely and interesting! Love it! I absolutely love the game, but it is so laggy to the point where it is literally impossible to play, as going up and down ladder's takes forever. This is 100% my favorite game ever. I played it through several times.  The graphics are beautiful and unique. The characters, the location and the plot are so original and clever. I highly recommend this game to everyone. Game runs at half speed often Definitely was anticipating the release of this gem of a game to the Google Play Store since I first played a 'bit' haha on iOS on an old iPod. It's really cute game with an even cuter plot but for some reason it won't let me enter the trapped in a lab level it just keeps loading, I have tried restarting the game powering off my tablet nothing has when worked please fix this The latest update does appear to fix the screen issues experienced by Pixel 2 XL owners. You can now progress beyond world 3 and my assumption is that there will be no further problems that have plagued certain devices for a while now. It's amazing!! I love it! Great variety and imaginative, engaging levels. One of the best all around Android gaming experiences. The most heart warming and breaking, saddest yet light hearted cosmic love story that enthralls right from the start.  Best game I have EVER played I love this game. Everything about it is fun and creative. My only problem is I downloaded it on my LG Aristo and it lagged very bad. So I downloaded it on my Samsung Galaxy S5 and it worked perfect until the robot level. Now it's so laggy I can barely play. But when I close the app and restart it it seems to work okay. The difference between when is working normally and when it is laggy is very drastic. Totally delightful. It's a reasonably simple point and click game with an extra layer of difficulty added by some tricky optional collectibles. The levels are varied and imaginative with some neat gimmicks and seriously cute animation... and there are so many of them. One of the most enjoyable experiences I've had on android. There are still issues on the Pixel 2 XL. The status bar is visible and it pushes down the game so it's cut off on the bottom. Would love it if you could use the 2:1 aspect ratio Okay I didn't hate everything it is just that I couldn't even get to see if I would like it because every time I try to open the game it glitches. Unfortunately game starts to go in slow motion like umbrella unfolding. So much so can't complete level 4. Very disappointed look very promising........any ideas greatly appreciated Pixel 2 Xl cannot reach full screen immersive mode It looks like an excellent game and I'm excited to play through it, but I'm playing it on the Pixel 2 XL and it seems that it doesn't support the 18:9 ratio.  Things get cut off and as a result certain levels cannot be completed.  Hopefully this will be fixed in a timely manner, but until then I can't recommend this game if you have a Pixel 2 XL.   It would just be best to wait for a fix if that ever comes along. I like the game. Cute graphics & sounds. Easy controls. Excellent story. Screen size fixed. Yay. I can play it now. Whoa! One of the best games ive played on smartphones, great and emotional story, love the concept of gathering the memories, great graphics where each level has its own theme, great music, smooth gameplay not too hard no too easy LOVE IT and finished it! Hope we can get the sequel of this! Good job Not optimized for pixel 2 xl. Cut off screen cannot progress in game Suffering from the Pixel 2 XL issue, but excited to play once that is fixed! :) Launching the game results in a black screen while showing and hiding the Android navigation bar. It stays stuck on this screen and nothing happens. I paid for this game and now it won't let me play unless I give it access to my Google and Google+ profiles. Cut off screen on the pixel 2 XL. Will rate better review after this issue is fixed. Simply wonderful 踏破千山万水，历经艰难险苦，只为找寻你的每一块碎片！  类似《时空幻境》的搜集设定、《机械迷城》式的解谜玩法、集成了多款经典游戏的元素，它没有更多矫情的文字语言，仅用画面与行动证明了爱的伟大。再加之清新卡通画面与巧妙丰富的场景关卡，玩过后实在令人大写叹服。  暖心、深刻、神作！  今生实在有幸能与你相遇。3.99美刀真是太便宜你了。 This game is so stupid I couldn't even play the game without the game glitching Puzzle game like no other. Old school classic that rare to found theese days. Worth to pay, the total level is abudant Best game ever!! So heartwarming and cute!!!! This is a true five star game. It has an emotional storyline, solid gameplay, beautiful music, and the puzzles are just the right difficulty level (especially for those of us who want to collect everything). The length is also perfect, imo, though of course I'd love to have more of anything this good. One of the few games I've completed at 100%. I did notice a bug in the Google games achievements - even after completing all of the game's levels, it still hasn't awarded me the achievement for completing x number of levels. Not a huge issue for me personally, but something for the devs to look into. Still, this is one of the best games I've played on mobile. Truly top notch. Liked the graphics but it is cutting bits on my phone.  I hope this is fixed soon. On Pixel phone the screen moves whenever control goes but not on One plus 3T. Wonderful game!  I mostly stick with free games, but this one was well worth the price. It's fun, creative, and challenging without being frustratingly impossible like some games. Amazing... Best puzzle game I ever played, hope they will make more levels. Finished the game already now I'm looking for 100% items discovered. Best investment on Google play so far I love this game! Playing on a samsung j5(6) and after level 4 its just laggy and slow. Which is so disappointing as i have waited over a year for this. *UPDATE: levels 21 and 22 will not load. Black screens.* So much thought and effort went into this game. Fantastic animation, wonderful, fluid game play, fun logic puzzles. So well done!  Gold standard for mobile gaming. this is a good game...but why I cannot play the level12? I love this game!! Best puzzle game I've played in a long time I just purchased this game and was dissapointed to see that it wasn't compatible with my NVIDIA Shield TV?  What gives??  The play store says it's compatible with ALL of my other android devices (including other Android TV boxes).   I wanted to play this with the Shield TV's controller.. :( Наконец то!! долго ждал Best puzzle game ever Best adventure I ve played It's a really cool game I also like the spiders. And last this game is awesome I love it : D The game is beautiful Utterly wonderful. Lovely graphics but the puzzles are too random. Great story I enjoyed the sound effects, too. Relaxing and give me a pleasant feeling while playing it💕 I want to rate this game higher as loved it on steam. No full screen support is a bummer though I don't like the big black bars on the sides. Checked the full screen apps menu to try and force it, the game doesn't show up in that menu Just beautiful! It is so weird and cool. I got it for my 4 year old. We played it together. Entertains us both. He is 5 and can play through it all ALMOST in 1 day. Love it. Still cute after beating it 3 times. How do I even play this!!!? Looks cool but I really just wasted my money I love every game made by these developers. The puzzles are fun and thought provoking, the visuals are incredible, the music matches the theme, and the attention to detail is perfection. Thank you to the developers for creating a masterpiece! Cute and entertaining. I love the story :))) Really cool game actually I also played chuchel which was also really weird and Corky which is the kind of stuff I love only problem though is a lot of the levels are really hard other than that it's a good game Love it. Cool Legit love this game, if there was a Botanicula 2, I'm im for a ride. 😀😀😁😁😍 awesome game, peaceful but unsettling at the same time. Play it with headphones to enjoy the audio Quirky and enjoyable adventure game. Like some of their previous efforts, some of the puzzles are a bit obtuse, but the game is still fun and will make you smile. Amazing! I love everything about it! Fantastic art and music, fun characters and story, and challenging adventures! Plot and Graphics are amazing. Worth the money OMGG I REMEMBER THIS WHEN I WAS YOUNGER :D ima reinstall and playyyy luv it Cool but some levels are too hard Great design, great creativity applied while putting the game together, great to look at, good puzzles to wake those rusty corners of brain :D I really loved this game. Maybe the only game I have played more than once in my life. Very nice music, lovely graphics, very entertaining, I really recommend it Very beautiful and funny game Super cute. Wish there was more levels My son and I have been working through Aminata's collection. This game is cute but the puzzles are definitely more random than Machinarium. You spend a lot of time clicking on things until you find something that works. Not as interesting as Machinarium or as cute as Cuchel. Skip it. Cute and fun. Loved the cue characters. Medium difficulty puzzles. Wish there were more such games. Funny, interesting at times, the duck part was good. I had just finished samorost 3 which was great and I also loved machinarium which I played a long time ago. I was a bit underwhelmed with this. Nevertheless, it was a quality game, with the amanita signature elements (attention to sounds and music and weird humour). The animations at the end of part 8 onwards were a bit zoomed and to the right of my screen, I have a redmi note 8 pro. Overall a trusted team, I buy their games happily. I love your games! Please make more as they are the most intriguing games STUNNING! This game is absolutely amazing.. graphics are beautiful.. Fasten Your Sit Belt And Enjoy The Journy I like bugs and insects and installing the app and all your apps and what is the black dot? Another wonderful game! I love the story and figuring out the puzzles. I love the amanita games so much! Great, organic, nice story, really original and peaceful, great design, I enjoyed during 2 weeks, thanks SUPER GOOD GAME Hry od amanity jsou super, super soundtracky dodávají hře tu správnou atmosféru která se cení i celkový vzhled je plně dostačující hra pobaví, potrápí vaše mozkové buňky ale i si užijete krátké cut scény musím doporučit doufám že ještě tento rok (2019) vyjde další topová hra kterou si zamiluje každý, gratuluji vývojářům za skvěle odvedenou práci, jen tak dál. Best creature adventure. One of the most charming, well made, beautiful and challenging games I've played in years. I normally never play with sound, but in this case the sound was so lovely and added to the game, so I did. 4 stars just because for me it isn't as good as Machinarium and Samorost 3. But still very good though. Baffling. I loved Machinarium, but this is just weird and confusing. Looks lovely though. worst game ever! I love this game. Casually enough to be fun, but still challenging to play. I love this game but I'm stuck. I got the worm to give to the fisherman but it won't let me give it to him, he just keeps asking for it when I click on him. When I go back to the spot where I got the worm, no worm appears again either. So I cant move on in the game. Any suggestions? I am in love with this game! The visuals, the quirky music - beautifully done! The game can be frustrating at times having to go back and forth, but that adds to its charm in a weird way . I got this because I enjoyed Machinarium, but this game is just bizarre. The controls aren't great on mobile and the "puzzles" are really just guessing randomly until something works, not much logic to it. The visuals are nice I suppose. Overall I really don't get all the positive reviews. Really just boring and frustrating and I won't be finishing it, glad I got it for just $1. Awesome game. Art direction is incredible and the puzzles are fun. Music is great too! I recommend headphones but keep in mind you might some puzzles require trial and error and there are parts where that results is repeated sound effects. Can get just a little too tough in places but those are few and far between. Amanita are friggin' great! For a premium paid game I find it quite sub par. Very boring and not at all as good as their other games. Save your money! Wonderful experience! Want more like this! Refreshing and quirky cute! Very enjoyable puzzle game so far. Great atmosphere and humor. Hasn't taken too long to figure things out when I get stuck. The best of all Amanita work so far. The objectives are clear, puzzle are killer, yet, guides you just enough so that you can figure most of them out by then. The visual are great! Need a tablet to fully enjoy them though. That's just the nature of phones these days, we are just gonna learn to accept some things (I don't want my phone to be any bigger than a Galaxy Note please!). That's NOT a critic though!Just an observation. But, if you hate Amanita games back then, it won't change your mind. This game is so much fun and I love the artstyle! The puzzles are hard but its still super fun! Update Dec 19: tried again, no problems this time. I'm blown away! This game is gorgeous and engaging. Puzzles are deliciously satisfying. I'm bereft to have completed it. Beautiful opening scene of a seed growing into a tree, fades to white, then nothing. Stays white for 30 seconds, then crashes. On HTC One. So disappointed! Really cute,challenging but not frustrating. I Really enjoyed it. Very different Awesome Thank you! Tried one more uninstall and re-install. Works great, again. Happy player! Not as good as Samorost 3, But is still worth every penny, I think all the games by Amanita design are great for kids, But Also Adults that have been through a Magic Mushroom Psychedelic OR LSD experience. Or Even Just For Chilling out & Relaxing, I LIKE TO SMOKE Marijuana whilst playing. If I was a Bi-etch Yo, Then I would probably wet my knickers with excitement. I hope it was a good enough review for the company, programmers et'c et'c et'c. Decent game, not as good as machinarium. but game locked up loading last level and now can't progress. Don't really want to uninstall and replay the whole thing again. Game is breathtakingly beautiful but unfortunately it doesn't work on brand new and updated Android (Samsung s10). It crashes on a screen with little spider (Part 2). I've tried to reinstall it but with no luck. Amazing, funny, sweet game. It's a lovely game, beautifully designed and very well done. I adore Amanita design games. Love this game, it is a real puzzle that makes you think! App doesn't work. Phone restarted twice. Refund please. Really fun unique game!!! Later edit: I bought the game and unfortunately it's not working at all (I'm using a Huawei P30 Pro). I wrote an email to the developer and it took some time to get a reply and they offered a refund. Unfortunately I was not able to play the game, so I only gave it a 4* rating overall, taking into consideration the feedback. Too bad it did not work. I played the Amanita's other games and they are great. I'm sure this one is also. Super fun and creative Not as good as Samorost 3, but good Love this game Great game with amazing world building. Good but drains battery paid for game but it hasn't installed. I've restarted my device several times but keeps coming up error fun Love, love this game! Characters are adorable and artwork is beautiful; challenging but not frustratingly so. Please make a sequel! looks horrible on new phones Played when this was first released and thought I would try it again. Since then I have come to realize that some games are true treasures. This is one of those games. Beautiful, flawless, captivating. 5 stars is not enough. Unique, fascinating, humorous and beautiful strategy game. Figure out, step by step, how to help the creatures survive the spidery monsters destroying their tree. Very long gameplay, every task different from the last. Beautiful design with fun and sometimes challenging gameplay. Loved it . Another gem from this developer (&team)! It Took me a few days to get through it but I had a blast! Wish the play store had all of the Samarost games I wanted to try them b4 I did 3! better controls please does not load, stops at 3%. 幼稚又無聊 不太用腦 跟其他兩部作品差很多 不要買這部 I was initially a little disappointed with this game, but as it went on it got more challenging and more interesting. It also lasted a lot longer than I was expecting. Fantastic game! Please support these artists.The world needs more of their ilk. IMHO I love Amanita Design games with my all-time favorite being Machinarium. So I bought this game and one other one offered by them, but they don't work on my Chromebook (Machinarium works fine). Emailed the developer and after several weeks they finally replied that they don't support running this game on a Chromebook (even though Chromebooks run Android apps and Machinarium works perfectly). Android Nougat is Android Nougat. It shouldn't be available for me to download if it doesn't work. kept crashing. now, it could't even lauch. tried reinstalling, tried restarting phone multiple times - works one time and subsequently doesn't work even though i reinstall and restarting my phone. i am using Huawei Mate 20 (6GB RAM, Android 9) full screen phone. help...! Beautiful design, good story, soothing music. Worth every penny. I am completely blown away! What an absolute joy this game was to play! Beautiful graphics with a unique and quirky soundtrack. Perfection!! I'm very pleased that I finally took the 4.99 plunge! Another review stated that some of the graphics were "disturbing". They must lead a sheltered existence because it was not the least bit disturbing. The humor was clever and I enjoyed this very, very much!! Thank you to the developer. Spectacular game!!! Needs an option to lower detail for those with low-end phones struggling to achieve a decent framerate Okay. Like Amanita's other games much better doesnt load on latest phone and os. I have tried reinstalling and also restarting phone as suggested by developer which did not help. it does work on my old phone with old os. developer you need to update the app for new phones and new os! very beautiful game as expected from Amanita design. it kicks off weaker than Samorost or Machinarium but becomes more challenging from part3 onwards. Totally loved it! Genius, as always ❤️🖤🍄🍄 Really, Really like it. But can't make the firefly in chapter 6 from the three pears Appear. kind of annoying. Want to complete it with all the cards. Old game, 2012. Looks nice but uses only part of the wide screens on modern phones. Awsomely clever! return black Chuchel A must get if it's on sale 10/10 too complicated to enjoy Honestly I hold this game in such great memory, it's beautiful and fun, worth every penny, and honestly just a wonderful experience. I wholeheartedly 10000% recommend this game I love everything about this game! Beautiful game, but some of the puzzles are more random guessing than any sort of logic. Definitely didn't like it as much as their other games, but it's still a beautiful and involving game. I am loving this game!!!!! Dunno what these reviewers are sayin but, I LOVE IT MORE THAN MACHINARIUM. Bought it on Steam too. Storyline very interesting and entertaining. Puzzles not to hard. Gameplay simple and not complicated. Humorous and delightful characters. Music fits the game. Does not cost an arm and leg. I am looking forward to second edition. It has amazing quality The game itself could be interesting if there were some help or some guidence. Sometimes you can't guess what's expected of you Great game! Too many pop up awards and achievements, distracting and feels like I'm playing some candy crash game, uninstalled Love the studio, awesome, cute game with lots of details. It is cool game I love it! Very addictive and fun to play 💚🌱🐛🐝🐜🐞🐚🍃🌿🌳🌲🍄 Just beautiful! So unique! When playing this game you have to admire the  creativity and thought that went into this game. Thank you for providing to  us this fun, earthy, cute and puzzling adventure. This is a beautiful game with challenging puzzles! I'd give it more than 5  stars if I could! ❤ An absolute delight. Beautiful. This is an amazing app. Because of it I have now changed all my usernames  to BoNtanicula (Botanicula with an N so Bontanicula) Beautiful game, beautiful graphics. Why do i force stopped while playing! And why we cant make it full  screen!!!!!! I just started playing and it shut by itself Short but cute game Just finished first go through of this delightful game. Read reviews before  the purchase. Was an enjoyable experience. Graphics are spot on for this  type of adventure, the sounds and music are whimsical yet satisfying, you  really do look forward to getting these characters thru to the end. What a  great job all at Amanita Design have given!!! Keep striving for even  greater things to come. Absolutely amazing game. Very cute. Ive replayed it 3 times i love it that  much. So much to discover Cannot believe I just got THAT much gameplay for $4.99 - superb! I adored this game. Amanita never disappoints.  Yes, I needed some guidance with certain areas of this game, but overall, absolutely delightful and was a bit sad  when it was completed. Such a beautiful game!!! I loved the creativity behind all this, as well as the storyline. Definitely Unique. I enjoyed every step of the way. Not too hard and not too easy either.  Beautiful work, every single bit of it! Amazing Ya les he enviado un correo como lo solicitaron en la página indicada a "press and business", por supuesto los apoyo para encontrar el error........  Al presionar sobre la parte 1 muestra mensaje "load? " le doy a la palomita y en ese momento me saca. No se oyen sonidos y no aparece ningún mensaje después que me saca el juego a mi pantalla del dispositivo .. Agradeceré su pronta respuesta y solución. Machinarium me ha encantado.. Amazing game, it's just that it's extremely easy to get stuck. This game is simply magic! Love it..  I can't wait to see what you all come out with next.   Hurry please.   Your games are amazing. One of my favorite games of all time I really love all your games, but I finished this one just a little too quickly Loved the art, as always with Amanita, it kept me hooked throughout the game. If you know the other games, you will have no problem with gameplay here. I would say it is easier than the rest, but still lots of fun and entertainment. 5 stars, well done! Another great game by the geniuses at Amanita! Wonderful game! It's a constant discovery. I didn't want it to end. Thank you❤❤❤👻🙈. Your apps are ❤❤❤👻 Another masterpiece from Amanita Design Love it!!!! This is probably my favorite adventure game ever!  There are so many creature cards that I don't have, I've played through the game multiple times! Wonderful artwork, quirky music, fun gameplay. I love it I love it I love it!!! Please let it work on Android 4.0.4. Previous versions of app worked OK but after one of updates I see black screen only :( Love Amanita games! Love great Botanicula! Please help me. I like to play game on my Android 4.0.4 tablet wich never will be updated officialy :/ Best point and click game although controls sometimes are unresponsive It is a really positive (but not too intuitive and easy) game. You will smile all the way. A piece of art Delightfully different puzzle game in a surprising enchanted world. Whimsical graphics and soundtrack. Soothing yet engaging. Might take a bit to adjust to the logic and figure out what to do, but satisfying cut scene rewards at completed stages.  10/10, definitely worth it. enjoy! =) Best point and click game. Previously I played this on the computer and have been trying to find it for ages.  As soon as I found this I had to buy it. The sound track on this game is absolutely gorgeous along with the graphics will update once I play on my phone. Giving this cute game the rating it deserve, cool storyline but has a different gameplay approach with machinarium, this is a puzzle game guys use a little brain lol, and give this game a rating it deserve kudos to the developers It's really beautiful worth playing but I tend to get problems with the touching certain small objects which I had to tap several times to get it work which is quite annoying. Love the gesture. However avg has listed this as adware Loved this for the 1 day i was able to play it but now all I have is a black screen! So after over a couple of months I still have just a black screen on my multiple reinstallation attempts but my Xperia Z3 has just arrived so am trying on that device, fingers and toes r both crossed! So at last I was able to finish the game and thank GoD it was worth the wait, well worth it! A beautiful, weird and wonderful game that took me on a journey of imagination, even the bugs 🐛 r cute! Pls make another?! Really great!!! I want to rate higher, but I can't play it.  It will not load right or something.  Only made it to the first bud sprouting on tree scene.  I've uninstalled/refunded once already and had only the program running on my phone.  Also restarted phone.  Now I cannot get a refund because I've see the fish scene.  Need refund or advice on what to do.  I'd really like to play it.  Loved Somerost 3 and Machinarium.  I suppose I'll send an email as well in case this review gets overlooked. Love it My favourite game of all time!!! Great! What's next? Best game I've played in a long time. Beautiful, funny and captivating! Nice game i like play this i love games made by amanita design and this awesome as well. You gonna luv 'em till the end 😎😘  + big UP to earthlings frm DVA ✌ for the music 🙏👏🎶 just great After greatly enjoying Machinarium I was surprised to find that I really do not like Botanicula!  Some charming graphics but also some disturbing graphics and cut-scenes. Confusing navigation, ugly music, and puzzles that are mostly annoying and sometimes impossible without help from a walkthrough guide.  Fortunately this is a fairly short game. Completed once, I will not be playing it again. Easier than Machinarium but the beautiful graphics and overall game length make up for it. Charming and cute characters and art. Lovely music, voice acting and sfx. But very short gameplay for $5. Readily finished in a day or two. I love everything amanita does Great game, please make it available for Android TV/NVidia Shield. Thanks! I love everything by these Devs! Started with Machinarium, can't stop❤️❤️❤️ Simplified ?! It's already to easy ! Outstanding game. Fantastic artstyle, great humor and a great experience! Beautiful graphics and attention to detail.  Very enjoyable!  Worked perfectly on my Samsung Note 10.1. See my previous reviews for Amanita Design. I don't have more words to describe the games they make except to say.... Enrapturing eye candying entertainment. Very entertaining and very nice graphics Just simply awesome Great game needs help with controls this is one of the best games that i have encountered in my life. music is cherry on the cake. thanks for discounted price. Hats off to your creativity. Curious game, not always immediately obvious what to do but that is the challenge - loved it Crashes constantly. I can't get past even the first section due to crashes! Very interesting game. Great atmosphere. Music play is mysterious in parallel with the game. It is a quality puzzle game. Not hard to find the quiz,but triggering your curiosity. Im a serious gamer.. i havent play it.. just newly install.. but i know, u are the best.. congratulation amanita.. This is a beautiful and utterly charming game. I love it. Love, love, loved it! I greatly appreciate adventure games where clues aren't obvious, but aren't impossible to guess either. The only drawback could be navigation sensitivity, I guess. I kept changing scenes unwittingly while trying to solve puzzles, having to go back and sometimes restart. Fun game, quite challenging as some of the puzzles aren't immediately obvious so you're reduced to tapping around and hoping at times. I got my dollars worth. As always, another excellent game. This game is beautiful to play. The graphics are the best I've ever seen in an app and the gameplay is both funny and entertaining Loved it Has controller support but does not support Android TV. Great game otherwise. Developer replied that there is achievement based progress restoration. I will test and update my review its effectiveness across multiple device saving and game reinstalls. The best You guys totally rock with your games. keep up good work Yay it's fixed!! Thank you it's as lovely as I remember :) You guys are outstanding game developers!! I have played this game multiple times and love it so much. I check back every 6 months or so looking for new games from you. Even after all these years, my fingers are still crossed for a second adventure in Machinearium!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!! :) I'd like to rate it by the way, but it doesn't even run after open it. Samsung Galaxy 4 I realy can not play after open t Botanicula je skvela, ale po poslednich aktualizacich hra nestartuje, objevi se cerna obrazovka a je konec. Reinstalace a restart nepomahaji. Skoda, deti jsou z toho dost smutne. Nemate nejake reseni? Dik. Can't play it, needs to be updated to modern phones. Thank you! The game is awesome! Everytime I tried playing this game, it would freeze after 5 seconds of playing it. Loved the whole concept though. You really have to use the sound or else this game won't make much sense to you. But great graphics, cute characters and a lovely story line. It was my perfect game. Not too hard, not too easy. I used the cheat website a few times, so that's an indication to me that it was decently challenging without being so ridiculously hard that I lost interest. All the puzzles were very well thought out. Thanks for a great game!! Please. Don't tell me to download the latest version. I did that this morning. I love you games but something is very wrong with this one. Time for a refund.     OK since you suggested it, I tried the update, then since you suggested it, I uninstalled, restarted and reinstalled. Nothing but a black screen. Refund please. I am sure this is a wonderful game but games should provide a few hours of entertainment not a part time job. Without even pass thru the game screen, the app crashed. Launch the second time, windows prompt to close apps. Its unplayable. My phone is LG G5, android nougat 7.0. Used to work well in marshmallow though. Hope dev team will fix this. Black screen after logo and that's it. The devs have finally fixed the crash issue on install which made the game unplayable, very happy to finally have this on my phone. This game is completely unique, from the music to the artwork and play style, it's cute but not patronising, leaves you open to discover the game for yourself and uses music keyed to your actions to buoy you along. Unmissable - you won't regret it. a good game, that shows evidence of a lot of hard work, especially the artwork and sound. however, a recent update destroyed all of my progress in the game. it's difficult to find motivation to replay my few hours that I put into it so far. I now regret spending so much. . .  developers have been unresponsive. I WANT A REFUND Real good OMG Why can't this be compatible with the Nvidia Shield TV? I used to play this game when it first came out on the computer. It is a fantastic, truly 5 star game, as all Amanita games. So I wanted to replay it on my new phone. I downloaded this game about two months ago and had this black screen problem. After waiting patiently for a patch to fix this issue we finally received an update some time ago. Alas, the issue wasn't resolved. Even tried the suggestion of uninstalling, restarting device, then reinstalling. I would like to eventually play this game again. Not sure what's happening between transitions, just a black screen then a scene starts and ofcourse I have no idea what's going on And utterly bonkers. Great!!! Love graphics, idea, fun keep it up! could be a good game but controls suck. definitely meant to be a pc game, not for phones. This is probably the most beautiful game I've played on Android. The artwork is just amazing. On top of that the gameplay is actually challenging, while being a whole lot of fun at the same time. Just amazing. Unplayable due to black screens and Google will not refund me for a game I cannot play. Disappointed because Machinarium was so good. One of the best games I've played on my phone. Beautiful graphics. Micromax p290 I download 568mb after when start few min after second touch automatically exit from game.  Thanks for the refund. I love the game i played it months later I tried to play it but Everytime It just sent me back to home page plz fix the black screen bug thank you!💙 You click on stuff and hope something happens. I'm familiar with these games, but there was no rhyme or reason to anything. Maybe it got better but I'll never know. I've tried uninstalling, restarting, and re-installing, and it just doesn't work. Galaxy S6. In a short, character-driven game, you need to see the cut scenes. Another very stylish game from Amanita. I have Machinarium also, and the design and music make these both very addictive.  You'll  find yourself returning even after you've solved the game just to revisit the characters and sound design. Great game, quirky, different and beautiful graphics. Just wished it was longer! Looking forward to the next one from Amanita. I so loved it, I hope the company which made this one can produce more similar beautiful games. What a great game it was, so fun.  :) I can't find the last feather.. Only at level one.. Just found 2 feathers.. Where is the last one? No explanation or directions. Like I'm just supposed to guess the game mechanics? What's bad and good, what's the goal to accomplish? Jeez give me something to go on instead of just throwing me into a game with not the slightest clue. It was an amazing story and beautiful graphics, but the cutscenes wouldn't work for me :( Like Machinarium, this game is cute, absorbing and fun. However, also like Machinarium, it is very short, and the puzzles are often frustratingly free of logic - leading me often to resort to walkthroughs. Lenovo Tab 2, Android 5.0. After the Botanicula logo the game crashes to the desktop. Reinstalling doesn't help Best game play, animation and idea ever. It's demented, but in a good way. (Some of the puzzles were difficult because I hadn't clicked exactly the right area - that was a bit frustrating.) I paid for this app.. It took three tries to download and now all i see is a black screen.    ***I've updated, same issue :( This looked like an amusing game, and I'm sure it is, but I can't see any of the cut scenes. Uninstalling, restarting the device and reinstalling did not fix the problem. It's like Casino to Machinarium's Goodfellas. Not quite as good, but damn close. 5 stars all the way. Don't know what the glitch fuss is about, it ran like a clock on my $100 ZTE roach of a phone....PS to Amanita - please make more than one game every 4 years, you guys kick wholesale ass. Cannot download - get a 905 error code each time I try Great game but suffers from massive fps drops on some screens on nexus 6 making it very hard to play (the singing birds screen as one example). //UPDATE - this has been fixed! No cutscenes, just black screen. Was a sad day. Galaxy Note 5 One of my favourite games I've downloaded for mobile so far. It made me laugh but also made me think. Amazing visuals, really cute characters, lots of quirky hidden features. I just wish it had been longer! Although I did binge-play it in a weekend, I couldn't put it down! Hey there. I loved Machinarium and wanted continue with this one. But after the intro video I end up in a fully white screen where I can do nothing. I tried uninstalling, restarting the device and re-installing. Didn't work... Really want to play this game on my Samsung S7 Edge, but it won't play it's cutscenes. The screen just goes black with the wood texture on the edge and music, even after reinstall. After the logo screen, when I click on part 1 to play it gets black screen. I can see social media icons, I can see developers page too. I can still see the wood texture on right and left of the screen. Everything between them turns black, the music though is still on. Please help. I spent money on it and its not working on my note4. Cute little game with imaginative art and puzzles. Not too hard, not too easy. When I accidentally erased my progress, I liked the game enough to start over. Really want to try this game. Downloaded it for 6 bucks and all I get is a black screen right after the developer logo. Using a note 5. Looks like a game I would love to give 5 stars to, but it doesn't work . Like it but prefer to be able save games not just levels. I've wanted this game for ages and I finally downloaded it on my phone for it to black screen and cut out...this was after the mac disc version also didn't work.  Very dissapointing Extremely Unique and interesting gameplay, characters and music. The characters are hilarious and their sounds are adorable. Worth the purchase. Original,fresh and amusing But to short A really nice follow-up after machinarium, Love the design and puzzles. For some reason the last update for the game won't update it starts but then comes up with error 505 I was so excited to play this game then I open it, the title pops up then I get a black screen with a white arrow in the upper left hand corner. One time I actually got to see a tree with glowing balls, then back to a blank screen. I can't believe I just wasted 4.99 on this but honestly what makes it so much worst is that I had high hopes for this game and couldn't wait to play it. Please, pleaseee fix this problem I see that I'm not the only one experiencing this. Challenging, clever & so adorable! Great follow-up to Machinarium! Lots of fun, and runs smooth on HTC One M9. Had an issue, and the developer responded. That in itself is head and shoulders above some. Thanks Love it This is the only app that I've ever had a problem with,  my Nexus 7 2013 works fine. Already tried all the recommendations to correct the error 492 message but now it just fails silently, downloading 500mb, then restarts again with no error message Ok after last update. This game now works on my Hudl 2 and boy what a great game.. with plenty of atmosphere and cute characters.. Thanks developers! My kids' tablets are running as restricted users, and this game does not work as a restricted user. It simply comes up with a black screen. Latest version of the app, and fails to work on lollipop and marshmallow. Works as owner, just not as user. Fail.  Update after "update" -- still fails. What's even more annoying, game-services are no longer optional and once has to back out of it manually.   Please refund the app. It has been unplayable. This games is fantastic, but it will not work on lollipop due to a bug in the operating system that won't function "air" applications. Error Code:(-505) been playing games for years and this is a stand out game for me. the animation is great, the characters are well thought out, the design for the game play is perfect, the music is brilliant, and the i keep coming back to it. if it was an animal this game would be a scruffy kitten with a personality disorder - really cute, but a bit screwed up. massive thanks to the team behind this, i love it! Machinarium sometimes felt like solutions were as much to do with working out the gameplay as the puzzles. No such frustrations here. Just elegant puzzles, originally implemented in a uniquely conceived and excellently realised environment. Absolutely amazing game! Worth every penny. Almost as good as Machinarium As a huge fan of Mach. I am very disappointed that I cannot get past the first scene with the tree. Please, developer, fix this bug or send me instructions on what to do so I can enjoy your game.                                         Edit: I have continued to try to play this game, only to not be able to get a refund. I have contacted the devs in hopes of resolution. We shall see.          UPDATE: The black screen issue has been resolved and I am completely enjoying this game. Thank you, devs! We solved it together without any walk through. Took us a week and it was lovely If there was an equivalent to the word happiness, Botanicula would be a solid choice. As an avid gamer, I felt a wide range of different emotions during many games but I never experienced such euphoric joy in any game as I did playing this little, sweet gem. Yes, the screen goes black during cut scenes (magic mushrooms for ex.) But it would've be an atrocity not to give this mastepiece a solid 5 over such a minor technical issue, and not showing the divelopers the high regards that they totally deserve. This is one of my go-to games when I need something that'll make me smile. It looks good, it sounds great, and it'll make you feel good by the end of it. My father played this game on the PC and had nothing but great things to say for it, but for myself, playing on a galaxy s7 edge any cutscene that isn't prefaced with any interaction gives me just a black screen and noises. With games like this, there are context clues everywhere, but I'm not going to be able to enjoy this if I can't see what the heck is going on. Fix the black cutscenes and I'm sure I'll love it. Another beautiful game from some very talented people. This would be a good game it worked. The game is still plagued by this black screen bug. Any chance of fixing it? I love this game, but I need at least 100 levels more! :) Fantastic game but after reinstalling today I get a black screen instead of most of the cut screens. I can hear sounds going on but see nothing and have to skip the scenes (including the very first). Please help! I am running on a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+.... Great game Stunning beauty.... nothing else to say. Does not work on both of my  Samsung Devices Note 4 Note 5. I wish I read reviews before purchasing this is a credible issue that Samsung note users have. Im playing on my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and theres a few bugs. I think the gameplay is difficult on this device cause of the edge screen. Maybe i can lock it? After the differents part i think theres a video running but i cant see cause the screen just black but there some arrows you can tap on like you do then your skip a vid. It's absolutely wonderful and gorgeous... However it runs insanely slow on my Galaxy S4. I originally had it on my tablet before it gave out on me but I never got to finish it because of the poor screen quality. I'd love to be able to finish the entire thing at some point Excellent game Any help finding the last key can't get any further The game is great in every way. The characters and other animals/plants are adorable, story is nice, and the puzzles are difficult, although not overwhelmingly. My one and only issue is how the touching aspect comes together. No matter what, the "star" you click to reach your inventory is on the top right. This becomes an issue when you need to access the inventory but the top right is also an exit or entrance. The game isn't very generous on touching objects. It does not work on Asus Nexus 7 on startup I can only see black screen Beautiful designs, beautiful worlds. All their games are simply amazing. I'm so glad to have found that it's here on android!! Well worth the money! It's absolutely beautiful! I also highly recommend mechanarium. They both work great on Galaxy note 3 running Lollipop. Thank you Amanita! I look forward to samorost 3!! 😍😍😍 ... Making the game unplayable. Worked great on my Nexus 7 2013. Other CPU intensive games work fine & appears to be on the developers side. -Android 6.0.1 Very laggy.  Looks like a lazy pc port with no performance improvements for mobile Browse through all the screens and pick up a few objects, occasionally "solving" a problem by picking characters or paths until you find the one that randomly is the right one. Would be a fabulous game if it worked. Too glitchy. Controls are frustrating. But very cute concept. I think it's my favourite ever game. So sweet and full of thoughtful details, simple yet challenging and made with so much care. Comforting to play too! It makes me want to show it to everyone! This is my favorite game of all time. The music for each sequence is incredible, and all the little voices and sounds are like charm overload. My absolute favorite part is when the main characters say "yi-hooo!" After good things happen. It's not a heavy plot, but I don't think it's supposed to be. Its very dreamy. The actual games are clever and difficult, you spend a lot of time looking for things and discovering the world. Lots of hidden bits. Also I have a Samsung 5 and it worked just great on my phone. Performance issues on my Nexus 7, and getting forward is really hit and miss. Puzzles are difficult to understand. Nothing like Machinarium that I really loved. Probably enjoyed by many. More please! Exqusite Loved Machinarium and wanted more of the same, but this game seems to be a maze with little to guide you to any clues.  Explore, try strategy, repeat.... No progress. Makes for dull game play. No point. I want a refund. Doesn't mean you won't like it. Beautiful Doesn't work past title screen on S4 Fun , challenging game won't even launch Super cute game. Great for all ages. Installed and played for a short while (until part 3), and absolutely loved it. What a beautiful and gripping game! I then closed the app and when I tried to play it again it just displayed a black screen with only the sound. I tried rebooting my device but that didn't work. Very disappointed. I got a refund but would 100% pay for it again and change my review to 5 stars if it worked properly. EDIT: Reinstalled, same thing happened. Please fix! It's very pretty, but it wasn't a good fit for me. There's not much to do except enjoy the art and music. That wasn't enough for me, but maybe it's enough for you. Immediate force close on Galaxy S4, no response from developer. So beautiful! Guessing because of the resolution ? Walk around the beautiful world doing a bunch of random chores, not really puzzles. Paid for a game that wont work on my OnePlus One I loved everything about this game. Very disappointed as I love Machinarium, but this crashes almost as soon as the opening titles finish.  Refund please! Collecting the 123 cards is pretty tough! Regret spending on it. I can't finish the first mission I wont give me a freaking refund Looks really fun. For about 90 seconds. Then just black with music Beyond my ability to appreciate. Is the mix of beauty and a game Don't take the slow start or the simple game design to mean this is not a cool game. The only bad thing I can say about it is I've finished playing it. Well done Animata this game is even better than Machinarium. Can't wait to see what you come up with next. Android TV compatibility please. Still black screening. I would like a refund please. Pity, looks great but its  useless on my tablet. Game seems to be cool, but the frame rate is really low on my Droid turbo. This is a top of the line (circa late 2014) phone, so I have no idea why it runs poorly. But, right now I don't want to play it because it's so choppy. It doesn't work on my Nexus 10. Totally bullshit. Don't install this game You should create another one with more levels. Great game. :) Disappointed not the same as the other game no clue what to do and a lot of glitches  game doesn't  work  well on my tablet It took me a while to get into this game, and I found it pretty good once I'd given it a chance. There's some nice game play to be had if you stick with it, and I really like the concept, but it just didn't deliver on anything like the same level as Machinarium. Love the art style, the music, and the creative puzzles! Lots of fun and challenging. Had to consult walk-through at two or three points, but most puzzles are doable. Excellent fun The music, characters, game play, sound effects.  Everything!  They've found some special combination that works oh so very well.  I've played multiple times and will play it many times more.  Now, it will "freeze" at times after completing a section. But, you can get back quickly by closing and restarting the app. I loved mechinarium coz if you start to loose hope at least you can cheat a bit. But im still near the start of this, I have 3/5 keys and no idea how to proceed. Now aimlessly wandering the branches considering defeat I loved this game, but after the first time I got a black screen and it's never work again. Fix it please! Awesome game, really teaches you to observe and interact with EVERYTHING! superb look and feel, uninspiring gameplay Simply Perfection! Loved each & every sound. Whimsical design, humorous story & beautiful animation! Every chapter brought new challenges,  kept me intrigued & excited to see what came next. Wish it was longer, very sad when it ended. Cant wait for Part 2 .... Soon I hope =) Worked perfectly on my samsung galaxy note tablet. Such a fun and awesome game with Beautiful graphics and adorable music. I wish there was more by these guys, i Love their games! The game and controls are very unengaging. If you're 4 years old and new to games or just catatonic and still want to play a game, this is the one for you. Childish music and animation sequences masked behind otherwise interesting visual stills. This is the definition of buyer's  remorse. No es bueno. Cool graphics and fun play, specially if you like to click on everything for fun, dev made that rewarding. Sound effects sound like someone made them with their mouth which definitly makes it better. One of the worst games I've ever played. Creative, for someone maybe beautiful (not for me) and incredibly boring. Wish I hadn't bought it. So unique and truly charming! Fabulous design throughout with puzzles that engage and challenge. A great game that took me by surprise with it's humour and charm. Definitely recommend this one! The graphic, soundtrack ways to play it was outstanding this deserves a awesome review Hi guys, I love all your games, especially this one. I played it some time ago on a pc and recently I've decided to come back to it on a smartphone. The game itself is even better than I've remembered, but unfortunately the app is causing me problems. I installed it yesterday and during the night it was draining my battery in the background. I've also observed this behavior during the day. Hope you will fix that in some upcoming update. Could be better, such as make the whole tree continues, not switching screens. On some points a little bit hard to play, too time consuming and not relaxing. But it has gorgeous bgm and fine graphics I get a black screen on Nexus 9, droid version 5.1.1. Tried to contact the developer for a refund or explanation, no answer! They just took my money and ran. Don't buy this app, it's a rip-off!!!! I can't play the game on my note 4 - black screen bug... Nice graphics. Terrible interface and gameplay. I gave it two stars because it looks so good I'd pay $5 for a chance to try it. I'll probably get the pc version But, it lags on my tablet. I have a Galaxy Tab 4  10.1. The device is certainly powerful enough to be able to run the game (Machinarium runs just fine). Once fixed, I will update review Great game. No issues. Used Galaxy 5. Doesn't open. I get past the title screen and get nothing but a black screen with an arrow at the top left of the screen. A couple of border-like bars on the sides. Galaxy S5. Wasted $5.  Macinarium worked fine. I bought this game and it won't let me download it. Keeps saying error. And it's not the error for not having enough space. The original PC version is one of my favorite games ever! On my Zenfone 2 however, the framerates are sometimes choppy, and the audio (the greatest aspect of this game IMO) is often out of sync. Please adress these issues so we can enjoy this MASTERPIECE as it's meant to be! Absolutely loved this game. . More please This game genuinely made me smile in almost all the 9 chapters good story told without using any words just like machinarium The game is gorgeous and adorable, would make a great animated film or short. As with Mechinarium, it's eye candy but really confusing. I'm more of a logical thinker, but these games require you to do strange, random things until you get a result. Might be fun for someone, but not for me. And what's the fun in playing a game where you need a walkthrough? Kids just love it. They have been playing it again and again and again, from start to finish, several times a week :-) THANKS. Vizuálně moc pěkná hra u mě doplácí na existenci Machinaria (a vlastně i mnohem staršího Samorostu), které nasazuje laťku hodně vysoko. Ovládání hry je  naprosto příšerné... Shame about the controls. Touch controls are hit and miss. There are also some frustrating subgames. I have a Asus Transformer and when i start the game up all i get is a black screen ! Please fix !! It looks beautiful. 5 stars for visuals and sound. But play control is poor, the game is buggy, and it's simply not fun. Worked for a while now it's just a black screen. Using a hudl2. DO NOT BUY!! Pathetic service by developer. The game is not working on several devices and no response from them. It's been more than a month sinxe I bought this game. With many reviews reporting compatibility issues, I can report that this game was fully functional on my old ASUS Transformer Prime tablet and my Samsung Galaxy S5.  Beautiful and fun game with an equally fun soundtrack!  With all the different monster cards to collect, there's a lot of different easter eggs and replay value as you try to collect them all.  Definite recommend! Very cute! Not working on Asus transformer pad 303k either. Fix it or get it out of the play store. I loved this adventure game - super quirky with a whimsical feel.  Some of the puzzles were quite challenging but all were solvable by ordinary humans.  The sound effects (many by mouth) were frequently hilarious.  You will want to replay the scorpion scene over and over! The dark aspects are not too scary for young children - my 7yo daughter also loved this. Locks up in the opening video on my OnePlus One with OxygenOS 1.0.0 (based on Android 5.0.2).  Also doesn't seem to be able to connect to Google Play Games, although that was recently updated, so may be Google's fault. Can't run on galaxy note 4. I DEMAND a refund,  sent email they are not responding. Kept crashing on Nexus 5 running Lollipop No problem running it. Great art and sound, gameplay so-so (got stuck a few too many times), but really enjoyed a few of the final mini games Just not fun. Uninstalled Unique and beautiful puzzle rpg. Works great on galaxy s5 running Lollipop 5.1. I'm not using it wiyh Google play though. When it asks me to sign in at the beginning, I just hit cancel. Maybe that makes a difference? Great game. Beautiful graphics and wonderful soundtrack. Worked on my S6 Awesome U didn't fix it lier This does not work on a Note 4 with Android 5.0.1. When I try to start a game, I see what look like 2 trees on either side of the screen and black in between and that's it. Have to press the home button to quit. Won't work for me neither, just a waste of my money REFUND please. Great game on PC.  Doesn't work on my tablet.  I am only getting black screen. Perfect Can't play the game just get a black screen. It says there's a fix for this, wrong! Still doesn't work. It seems I cannot even download this game now but when I did first buy it, it did download, but would open in black screen first. I'd have to close it first before it would work and it always kicked off my sd card, how does that even happen? No other app I've downloaded ever did that. It was less than $1 when I bought it so I was lucky there, I'll just have to cut that loss. Can I please get my money back.....game didnt download I use the galaxy tab s and it won't even go to a loading screen. Kind of annoying Fun game but finished in a day. Not worth $4.99. Very entertaining yet challenging. Really amazing game It runs way too slow on my Nexus 10. Unplayable. I'm not saying I wasn't stumped at times while playing this game, but it isn't hard to figure out. People complaining about it being too difficult or impossible are plain retarded. Sometimes I looked for hints on the internet, not give up because it was too confusing. THE GRAPHICS ARE WONDERFUL AND THE STORY IS CHARMING!   Give it a chance. Lightly challenging and a feast for the eyes and ears. But works only when installed to internal memory. Simply amazing! Wonderful graphics and a great story filled with puzzles. Seems to have some major performance issues especially on the nexus 7. Stutters all the time and things that require dragging often don't trigger properly Love the game, but I found it was hard to click some objects and sometimes the star in the corner overlapped with a navigation point which was very frustrating. The textures are glitchy I sent a screenshot but no answer Galaxy s4 lollipop 5.0.1, black screen after title screen.  Please fix it, I want to play this game! This game runs beautifully on my galaxy s6 edge. Putting on head phones and booting up the game for a session before bed is wonderful. The sound track is brilliant and the best aspect of the game. Put on a pair of headphones and get lost in this gorgeous world! Very disappointed. Lagged like hell on my S6 Edge.  I'd very much like to play and not have to ask for a refund. Doesn't work on note 4 This game needs clues or a hint button. Solving puzzles gets challenging after a while. But other than that I think this is a great game. It seems like it could be a nice game, but after a few minutes of play, the game just closes. No crash report or force close or anything. Only tried on my Nexus 5 so far. One of the best phone games I've ever played.  Great puzzles and beautiful artwork and sounds.  Strongly recommend! Works well and very entertaining.. Interesting concept with the right dose of "weirdness". Puzzles aren't too difficult but I did find the game a bit short. Have the galaxy note 4, one of the most powerful devices available and this game won't even install "due to an error" PLEASE FIX Does not run on Note 4 5.01. Freezes all the time. I loved it every step of the way. Wish there was more! :( Second game I purchased from the same developer. The first was machina. Same problems for both games: really buggy interface. I got so frustrated being stuck at part 3, I went to look up a video walkthrough for the game and realised it was an buggy interface stopping my progress (I did the same steps as shown in the walkthrough but nothing happened). Disappointed. Have a note 4 and the frame rate is so terrible its almost unplayable screen freezes sometimes when loading on Lg G3 stock A lot of the puzzles came down to clicking everything you could find. They are not even close to being as interesting as the puzzles in Machinarium. Fortunately, they are able to equal Machinarium's incredible style and atmosphere. The game is adorable but can't quite live up to it's big brother. Game freezes on transition from main screen & doesn't work at all. Definitely avoid for samsung note 4. I'm on a Samsung Galaxy S4.  The game freezes before it ever loads.  I can't play it at all. Waste of money nothing but black screen and freezing up. Never got to see the game do anything for more than a few seconds. The graphics looked awesome but what good is a game that won't play? Still not working on Note 4. Finally get part the long intro and an ready to start playing... Only.... I'm confused... What an I supposed to do?  Make the rock fly away but it's missing feathers?  No instructions, of course, so I try for exactly 6 minutes with frustratingly the exact Sammer result (which is to say nothing) each time.  Uninstalled. Dev needs to give me more instructions... I'm not a gaming noob and one thing i have learned is if the start is this convoluted and frustrating then the rest of the game will be to. Even with the update, it doesn't load on the note 4 on 5.0.2. I'll wait for an update before reviewing. Waste of money right now. Freezes on my Note 4 Lollipop A little confusing...I have mixed feelings about it Having a blast with this one so far... Game is very buggy on startup then cuts to black screen with a graphic frame and an arrow, but does nothing upon clicking any part of screen. Once I can get it working I will change my rating though. Gráficos impecáveis e modo história no estilo descoberta! Recomendo! Why does this game lags on Nexus 7 (2012)?! Even a low end pc can handle this game smoothly...please fix this. Thank you! Black screen no refund option :( Meh Super laggy and hard to figure out.   Don't bother with this one...... DELETE The game barely starts, I see a tree of some kind and then it freezes Great graphics, so cute. Left me wanting to play more. I hope many more are made. Note 4. Android 5.0.1 Fond of the art and gameplay... But lag as hell on my Nexus 7 2013 stock. I can't play due to the black screen bug This looks like it could be a really enjoyable game. But it keeps crashing  and freezing constantly. It's just completely unplayable. I get the black screen for a minute but if I wait i get a tree then the game crashes. Really fun. On galaxy S4 Its a nice relaxing game for kids and adults I can't play it at all. I was really excited to play because it looks adorable. I've reinstalled it 3 times and it still won't work This is possibly one of the best Android games I have played in a while. It's really simple, not time consuming but it is well made and interesting. I've got a Nexus 6 running cyanogen. There are load screens between every scene, making it essentially unplayable. Which is a shame, as I paid for it (on sale), but somehow I'll soldier on. And gameplay wise it's also great Unplayable freezes on startup and locks up phone.  Need a refund I have wanted this game for a while. Super mad that it wouldn't download  on both my Motorola Droid turbo AND my Samsung Galaxy note. :( I guess I'll never get to play this game. I receive a "Unfortunately, Package Access Helper has stopped." error when I touch the app to start it. The screen stays black and the game won't play. Please fix. FPS is so low on Dell Venue 7840. No lag but very low FPS. Same black screen everyone rise is talking about too bad game looks awesome :-( Game looks beautiful but it slows down on some sections and crashes on others.  Didn't want to ask for a refund because I still want to play this game. Bought it on sale today and it works on my htc one m8. So I decided to play it on my tab.....only black screen please fix The game freezes on an image of a tree with glowing balls right after the main screen, then I get a message that the game is not responding, forcing me to close it. It looks like a cool game, but I'll never know at this rate. I have the black screen and nothing else error like many others have alluded to. Tried clicking on the arrow at the left side of the top corner of the screen and still didn't work. Game looks nice and very cool but I can't play it. I hope an update comes soon but until then one star will be my review. I would like give 5 stars if this game not laggy on my phone. It is really good games, the story is fun and creative. Returning, tried it several times. Wish I could give it 0 stars, because it doesn't work at all. Cannot get past loading screen... I'm using a "Samsung Note 4". The issue is there is no hint or major, minor quest.you gotta figure it out all by yourself ..though it's fun The update said this bug was fixed...the game was on sale so I bought it. black screen is all I got...With an arrow though. sad. fix it!! played the game on pc and i loved it. wanted to play it again on my phone. dl'ed it, launched the game, encountered a black screen, restarted, relaunched, encountered another black screen, read the comments, and uninstalled. Crashes on Note 4 Doesn't work I am always looking for new games for my phone that dont feel like "phone" games. If you are also tired of boring, repetituve, matching, or town building games, this is a great breath of fresh air. If you enjoy action/ puzzle games that draw you in and are entertaining from start to end, this is the fame for you. Does not work. Black screen. Refund. Can't even get into the app Can't comment on the gameplay as the game won't even load - on a new Note 4. I just keep getting a black screen with an arrow in the top left corner. Obviously this bug HAS NOT been fixed. Will be requesting a refund. Crashing on start screen Freezing on my note4 exynos This game looks great. But it freezes in the first 15 seconds of game play. OnePlus One running stock CyanogenMod KitKat 4.4.4. Game is a bit boring though & seems overrated. Concerning exploratory games with cute graphics, MIMPI is better IMHO. Forget it... I installed it for my granddaughter on her Hudl2. The app worked fine for one day. Then we encountered the 'black screen' problem. Followed all steps offered by various forums e.g. reinstall, delete data..Nothing works. A complete waste of money and time. Come on devs! People have been talking about this game crashing after the title page for months! How about a reply? Or better yet, another update!? I hope something similar comes out soon cuz this game was awesome!!! Game seems to load properly, but then I am taken to the black screen with useless white arrow after tapping the title screen. Idea is great but it is impossible to play due to constant crashes. REALY GOOD! All I see is a black screen, not even the title screen first. I give a poor rating because I did not get any answer from support. I had such great anticipation. Wish it would work. Brand new Android phone, Machinarium from same company works so Botanicula IS the problem. the game doesn't load at all. I love this game but I'm stuck on lvl 3 and the game provides no hints.  Very frustrated. I love this game and was very excited to play it. I have played this on the computer multiple times and have always had fun, but now that I try it on my phone, all I get is a black screen with a pointless white arrow. I payed 5 dollars and am very disappointed that I cannot play it. DO NOT BUY UNLESS ON COMPUTER! UPDATE: update on game fixed issues. Buy on phone! I love this game and hate to give it one star... after the last update I noticed I can no longer play on note4... game sits on blank screen and doesn't play! Please fix, I want to play again! I will give it 5 stars when fixed Need to update. Game a have bug froze. Awesome game on pc but alas I'm getting the black screen bug,:-( If the developer fixes I'm sure it would be a 5 star game, as it stands I feel I totally wasted my money and not judging by the amount of complaints I'm not alone. Maybe they should take it down until its fixed I had the same issue others had, it just wouldn't play Ill change my review once i get to play the game but judging from these other comments im not the only one who cant even get past the intro screen. Please fix. Note 4 running lolipop Awesome game. The beginning is a bit boring though. One of the best and strangest adventures I have ever played! Loved the music and visuals and unusual riddles! The graphics of this game are amazing but I become bored very quickly. There are no instructions to this game just vague picture hints. It's really difficult to move and just generally not entertaining. This game worked the first time.  Just a black screen every time after that Get three keys then that's it one you can't get and the other is no where. Delete wasted money. Wouldn't load. Froze my phone. Too bad, I loved their other game Machinarium. They have an amazing graphics style. Hope to see improvement on this in future. Until then, refund for me, sorry. The background and images are beautiful! I eve like the sound effects. This game has exceeded my expectations Finally works for note 4 From the makers of Machinarium, comes yet another captivating little game that cements Amanita Design's status as masters of unique game making, storytelling and visual design. Journey to a world beyond imagination where a blend of insects and living flora are at the blink of oblivion and rely only on five unlikely heroes to travel visually astounding environments that you just have to stop and marvel, accompanied by enchanting sound effects and music that draws you in more & more. Puzzling & Inspiring. This game looks nice but its freaking hard to play  . sometimes you have no clue what to do next and there's no help . its not like Monument Valley where you  can think a little bit and get things in place > This game gets a .5 star rating Very atmospheric,  music is great,  and the puzzles, while challenging, are definitely not impossible. I've been experiencing the "blank screen" issue that everyone seems to be complaining about. I noticed that you guys noted that the recent update was supposed to fix this exact issue. Clearly it has not. I've tried clearing the cache, I've uninstalled and reinstalled the game several time and nothing seems to be resolving this. As you can imagine this is a pretty pricey game and it's very frustrating to not be able to play after spending $4.99. Please fix this asap, I just want to play! After the title menu it's freezing up and leaving a black screen. Would love to play the game i PAID for. Very irritating. If you're looking through the reviews you're the lucky one.  Wish I did. Game is unplayable with little support.  Did everything I could to fix the black screen problem to no avail.  Compounding the issue the forum fix threads are locked so you can't even point out their 'fix'  and 'turn it off turn it on again' don't even work.  The game should be taken off sale until this is amended. Daylight robbery. A waste of money because games are about progress so there is enjoyment. When getting stuck is so natural and touch response is so very fickle, not knowing what to do next means no progress is made. A game based on touch interaction to change the environment, only the touch is random and unresponsive...This is why it is very difficult to progress and no progress equals no ability to explore the game I just bought... The graphics on this game are superb. I have tried on and off for three days to figure out how to play this game. There are no directions. As far as I can tell, the characters plod aimlessly around the game. The game us beautiful to look at but sometimes I tap the screen and they won't move at all. Worth it. Pretty, fun & weird. I can get it to load please fix your game EDIT:  I am playing the game now...I started tapping the icon in the upper left as soon as it appeared in start up.  Don't know if its a permanent solution but if you're having the same problem try it out.                                                                                                        "This is a great game if you like paying 499 or whatever it is so you can stare at a black screen...or if you're lucky a little tree might come up with some balls on the end of it's branches" It played briefly then went black - wanted to play on! After the loading screen, everything was black i tried exiting the game but it made my phone freeze. I will give it 5 stars if the problem is fixed. I really want to play the game Had black screen at startup.  Tried reinstalling it with no success.  Started the game and tapped upper left icon constantly as soon as it appeared and the game finally worked.  All good now. От создателей машинариум Awesome! I have a Galaxy s5 and the game kept on crashing... Nicely done Don't work know Samsung note flex! Crashed Sony Xperia. Uninstalled. Love it Progress was deleted by update I'm using a new Samsung Galaxy Note 4 with Android Lollipop 5.0.2. The game became unresponsive when the scene changes (black screen in the middle with an arrow on the top left and two columns of game background/wallpaper on both left and right of screen). Need to wait patiently for a fix for Note 4 and Lollipop users. Will give 5 stars once it is fixed (as it should be). :)  I LOVE this game; Its very similar to Machinarium or The Tiny Bang, both of which are also brilliant! The amount of detail, little critters & humor that have been added in go above & beyond to make this one of my favorite games.  If you are looking for a unique, humorous & challenging object-hunt that requires a bit of thought this is it! If you are not a fan of challenges or thinking, and prefer to have the solution spoon-fed to you, this might not be for you! PLEASE ADD MORE LEVELS! I have tried multiple times to open this game and all I get is a black screen. I even uninstalled it and then installed it again to no avail. I am disappointed, considering I paid for it. Beautiful design and atmosphere, but some bugs spoil the gameplay. On Nexus 5 some branches disappear. On other screens a background vanishes and animation begins to lag. Sometimes the game freezes on the loading screen in transitions. Plus the phone screen goes dark when the game plays long scenes as if the device was idle - maybe there some settings for this? Can't play with all these bugs. I didn't want to finish this game. So, so beautiful and endearing. It is truly a masterpiece. The puzzles were interesting and sometimes really quite tough. At times I would just sit there and look at the scene, or listen to the music and sounds. Get it only if you love beauty. ♡ Incredibly or performance on my Galaxy Note 4.also fails to go full screen (status bar covers top of game). Hands down, one of the most unique games I have ever played! Unfortunately, I could not win without the help of a walk through . This game is not easy, and it's just right as far as the length. Love this game, awesome   graphics, and very cool music and sound effects. 5*'so from me. Thanks . Amazing. Beautiful immersive play. Use your headphones!  I loved the randomness of this game and the little extra things to collect and explore throughout the game that weren't really part of the solution   but just part of the experience. Very quirky game, that makes you think its developers are recreational drug users. Because it's just so off the wall. The art, the music, it all just takes you to a completely new world. And the gameplay while diverse enough, is never too hard, you can play though the whole game without consulting a walkthrough (which can't be said of Machinarium, another game by these devs). Can't recommend it enough. good game good innovative graphic but i refunded.  nothing personal. even metal gear solid 5 is not fun enough for me to play nowadays Won't work! Have uninstalled 4 times and reinstalled.  Glitch  stops game and it keep repeating action.  No response from company.  Bummer I paid for this game but was unable to play it. I emailed the developers  told them my issue they never responded. I then asked for a refund  and they are still non-responsive. How unprofessional. I'm not dropping this. It would do some good to use words under the icons so one knows that pressing the icon WILL DELETE YOUR PROGRESS and start the scene from the beginning.  I'm very disappointed. Lovely game when I played it the first time but haven't been able to play since as the screen is just black! Very annoying When I first began playing this game I wondered what the hell was going on.. However, after about 15mins I started to get it, and then I couldn't put it down. It's an excellent well designed fun game, I loved it - especially the sound effects, fantastic! (Samsung Galaxy Tab 4) Was a fan of their previous game so I bought this one without thinking. First of all, the story is quite weak in this game, and all the puzzles are just random. You don't solve with clues. You just walk randomly and poke everywhere and hope something happens. No logic at all. Wish I can get a refund. Took a while to realize that several scenes are not necessarily puzzles to be solved. not as good as machinarium I had high hopes but had no idea what I was doing. Uninstalled. Wish I had read the reviews, first. This game apparently has problems with the Sprint Galaxy Note 4. Hoping for a fix, soon. Don't u check your updates. Poor show. Taking peoples money for nothing. No matter how much. Black screen and keeps freezing One of my favorite puzzle games I don't rate games often, but when I do, it's because it's excellent. Please release this for PSVita Love this game. Beautiful graphics. Funny and difficult at times to figure out puzzles which makes this more challenging. I loved Machinarium so I tried this but spent lots of time trying to solve puzzles that weren't there. How about an icon telling us when we've completed a scene? Cute game though. Would really like to play this game but it usually loads to a black screen. Managed to watch the shadowy spider guy eat up all the bright plant buds but then it went to black again. Please fix, this game looks like it would be fun. Black screen. Can't even play. I want a refund. I enjoyed every minute with this game. Omg its epic Won't start on restricted profile. Works OK on my regular profile. It doesn't work on my note 4 5 stars for playability and entertainment however once again another game destroyed by an update that wasn't needed!!! Now it doesn't work!!!! If you want this game by all means buy it! It's worth the money same as machinerium and I wish you could make more quickly! Amazing graphics, great entertaiment, but now I can't complete it! Fix this problem please!!! Really disappointed. I have been waiting on you releasing a secondary game as your first was amazing!! Please fix it!!! It stops responding after start screen. Really creative and the vibe the game gives however really short  story I think that the game would be so much fun to play, but it unfortunately won't even get to gameplay before it crashes. Very very beautiful game, not too easy. A bit short though. But really, the universe is so amazing, you don't want to miss that game! Pretty nice game. Original and fun. However the fun is ruined by the bugs. Also, stop try to sign me in! Its so incredibly fab,  was so addicted amazing characters I laughed so hard. The most catchy music. I found my self playing way in to the early hours of morning.  Please make another game Fun. Would love more games like this. It was a good game. It was an interesting concept and it was created with finesse. However, it was just so short. If something was on the screen, I clicked it because there were so many hidden and cute features, so it's not like I rushed through it, but in less than 2 hours, I was done. I'm just saying, I woulda loved this game if it had been on sale. Great game one of the most imaginative games I've played, simply awesome You can tell there was alot of love put in this game. Please make more. This and machinarium are the best games on play store - this is quality. Amazing music and sounds, amazing graphics, tricky puzzles... All around, an example of high quality gaming. Graphic is absolutely broken after last update Stopped working at last update. Requesting refund Game can boot to black screen. Once I managed to get to the first scene with the feathers but not being able to select them in the menu. Would like to request a refund. After the latest update the game started to work slowly on nexus 10. And the device got very hot after playing the game. Beautiful game but needs hints on board This game is so hippie and arty. There are no rules, no help, no hints. It doesn't make a bit of sense, but it'll certainly make you laugh out loud! Most of the time you will want to get the 'puzzles' wrong just to laugh at the outcomes. Oh and silly sound effects galore! Overall, it reminds me very much of the yellow submarine film by the beetles... This game is a work of art. (For real) My 5 year old son and I really enjoyed it! He loves solving the puzzles. I paid but but not working on lollipop CM12 nightly, always have got text with : not good configured Hope someone can help? Not sure I get it yet. Fantastic! Not too difficult, but gorgeous. Much more lighthearted than machinarium.  My new favorite game! So beautiful and so much fun.. Love the sounds! This is the second time I tried to download this game. I saw there had been an update since I last tried and everyone seemed to be saying it was working now but the game will not even open for me still, I just get a black screen. I am uninstalling and requesting a refund. Like machinarium, there's no explanation for anything  you just have to figure it out. I love it, and can't wait for Amanita's next game. Fantastic. Amazing soundtrack and visuals, totally worth the money Crashes after 5 minutes of black screen. Wasted my money. Droid max. Awesome It did take a while to download but it was worth it very cute :) Whilst this is graphically lovely, I didn't feel it had the same charm as Machinarium. The puzzles were often more trial than error than logical puzzles and it was a bit confusing at times. Didn't help that the update wiped all my progress. Not bad, just not great. This is most disgusting game I have ever played in my life.. To play this we need to press on every part of the screen and look for a clue. Great Best game I have ever played on my tablet, loved every single chapter of it... the art is so amazing and cute, and the soundtrack was simply the best... awesome game :D :3 I have an lg 3g and havent ever been able to play this game. I want a refund!! How the hell do I play this?  get a tree and press on this on the branches but nothing happens, what the hell The last update has fixed everything, thanks! Stability and speed greatly improved on Nexus 10 Lollipop with latest update. Game save, but not achievements, are lost with the update (but you can skip directly to one of 8 game stages to minimize having to start over) I played this game twice, and will probably play it again. It fills me with wonder. The art is so beautiful, and the game is funny and sweet. I loved it. Challenging at times and simply entertaining at others. Downloaded this after playing machinarium but this game glitches and you can't progress! Best game ever! Loved everything about it. A different type of game that you have to use your brain in an enjoyable, fun way. If a piece of crap is coated with sugar it's still a piece of crap! Fun, entertaining. Pretty. My daughter and I were enjoying this game so much until we reached the part where the 3 dragonflies hatch out of their eggs and leave a key. It freezes at this point and we can't leave this frame. We restart the phone and attempt again but freeze again and again and again. Need a refund please :( You may need some cheats from u tube but it's so much fun my daughter is loving this game.  I want the sound track for ring tones it's a lovely little word Doesn't work with Franco kernel though, had to reflash stock... The graphics is excellent, but is lacking a bit on the storyline compared to the previous games.  Still fun though. Sucks doesn't worlk It's a great game, it's cute and full of puzzles, makes you think alot... but I beat the game in an afternoon, not worth the price I paid for the game. Great game, well thought out and very creative.  The characters, music, sound fx and scenes are brilliantly thought out.  The puzzles get your mind going and the achievements make you look out for smallest details. Very interactive! The only thing I'd say is a shame is that the achievements are unknow! Once you complete the game you can't go back and work for a specific none, i have 54/55 and have no idea me what to do to receive the final achievement!!! It lost my progress 😬 Linksmas įvairus Excellent graphics, cute characters and an interesting puzzle. Kept me busy for a couple days Awesome game! Got to the middle of the game - after lollipop update on Nexus 10 it is disappeared and unable to install with just error code. Plllllllllz fix it! Botanicula features a highly creative design and stimulating gameplay. I came across a couple bugs in how some scenes would render but they were easily overlooked. This game brings you to a different world and encourages you to explore. Loved it! Nexus 6 not supported :( Beautifully designed and I really enjoyed puzzling it out. It wasn't too difficult but it was challenging enough to keep you entertained throughout the game. Woukd love to see more games like this. stunning and the music and sounds are great! Amazing audio visual adventure!  I just finished this game and am so sad its over.  If you appreciate imagination and exploration you will love this game. Im not huge into video games but this game made my day every time i played it! Please make a sequel or another game like this! I'd buy it in a heartbeat! Fantastic fantesy game An incredible atmosphere created by beautiful graphics and great sound.  I downloaded recently and haven't had the problems others mention (it hasn't been updated since I've been playing) so it seems freezes have been fixed at least for galaxy.  Will certainly be checking out other with by these designers. This game just made me happy. Absolutely entertaining, unique, immersive and quirky. Loved it and soooo wish there were more games like this!! Game will not load on my find 7a; force closes then gives the following error message " Unfortunately,  package access helper has stopped" I have contacted the developer weeks ago and communication has been very delayed, as is the "apparent update" coming soon to fix the problem that only seems to affect games from this developer; this one and Machinarium. Not working on 5.0 Such a beautiful app. Fantastic artwork, music and gameplay. Recommend to anyone with a brain I LOVE the totally immersive wonderfully imaginative visuals and sounds! Everything is so unbelievably ADORABLE!! That being said, I experienced lots of glitches, like many others here, w/ disappearing branches & lagging animation, luckily I could exit the app & reopen it without losing my progress. Still, it'd be nice if the devs could sort that out ASAP since this game is so wonderful otherwise & I'd like to be able to recommend it to my friends knowing it works 100%! If you liked Machinarium and Samorost then this is a good game for you. Relax and enjoy helping five friends through obstacles,  puzzles and nasty spiders. The music is charming, the puzzles just the right side of difficult (I did resort to a walkthrough for a couple) and the characters are adorable and nasty.  Hope you enjoy it as much as I have. I may even play it again right now. I had no trouble with any bugs although it did stop in the final credits but played fine when loaded again. Sony Experia Z tablet. 4 Stars for quick response to problems.  But, keeps running into problem.  Recently had OTA update to Android Lollipop on my 2013 Nexus 7. After the update, the app disappeared, now I can't install.  Gives an unknown error -505..... The new update cleared all my progress. The graphics are awesome and it is very immersive. I did experience some crashes though. Most recently, I upgraded to Android 5 and it disappeared. I tried to reinstall it and i get an unknown error code during install of -505. Does this game not work under the ART runtime? Let yourself be carried off into the heads of some lunatics. Don't worry, you'll come back out safe and sound, and with a smile on your face. Genuinely the best game I've played on Android to date. Visually stunning, cute characters, enjoyable story line. Occasionally it departs feeling like a game and behaves like interactive artwork. Very impressive, and for five bucks, you really can't go wrong. Nice lengthy game, major kudos to the developers Beautiful but freezes and branches missing  / endless loop at key from egg scene. Disappointed. I'll wait and hope for fix. Nexus 7 So I was over half way thru the game, and had put up with the random freezes/graphical issues ie missing branches. But now after the latest update I have lost my save data! WTH? I was so impressed with Machinarium and the excellent Android port but this is just shoddy. Amanita I'd like my money back please. EDIT: So I decided to play thru first half again, assuming that the update resolved issues. Wrong! Missing branches and a freeze that caused full reset on my phone just ten minutes in. Unacceptabe. LG G2 Looks great and has a lot of charm, but only played 10 minutes and encountered some glitches and a freeze. Happy to discuss it with the developers. Love this game you all rock cant wait for the next game in your arsenal for andriod Disappearing branches. Freezing often. Lost all progress after the last update. Impressive in some ways. Big let down in others. The recent upgrade has completely stopped this working on my Galaxy tab S, it has wiped my previous progress and now it doesn't get past the start - up video. Please fix as I was enjoying it. Great game on my Samsung S5 tablet. On my Sony Z3 the game randomly jumps scenes losing the characters and making it totally unplayable? Loved the art style, loved the story, loved the puzzles, and loved the characters! I love the style of this game, one of the rare android games that makes me want to finish it. Unfortunately it crashes when trying to move the bat and use the snail. I can't progress. That's a no go for a game I paid money for. Please fix it soon or give a refund thank you. Update: Great! Save data lost after the last update! Not playing this again. I wasted my money. Incompetent! Stay on PC if Android is to hard for you to program. I had played the earlier Machinarium on my PC, so I thought this would be a great puzzle game like that one. Not so much. First, some of the graphical sequences are boringly long. Second, the repetition of doing a sequence over and over just to get the "prize" gets old, as well. Just not as impressed as I was with Machinarium... I enjoyed every second of it. Fun filled game with great music and sounds. Enjoyed it a lot. Thnx for the fun. The last update deleted my progress and brought back the initial problem: scenes without tree branches. I will ask a refund, because it's unacceptable. It worked for a couple of days then nothing... Please fix ! Spent money on nothing. It seems I'm not the only one what a shame to release such buggy software. This game is just that, beautiful in every aspect. Please let me state, that the support does its job above and beyond any expectation I had, very fast, helpful and polite. I hope there will be a part two ;-) Serious bug, game loads with blank screen after 1st November update. Now unplayable. This update will delete your progress. This game has stunning artwork, cute characters and a good story. It used to crash a lot and with the latest update it won't even start. I hope it will be fixed soon! Puzzling, Gorgeous, Sublime! Beautiful atmosphere like brilliant Machinarium. No crashes or freezes anymore. Game worth buying, word! App force stops after the loading screen on my Sony Experia Z tablet - have tried uninstalling and reinstalling several times and emailed developers but no joy. A very expensive waste of money, don't bother Great game. Stunning to look at. Plays great. Still has some disappearing branches. If updated please make it to where it doesn't delete progress. I had no problems with it before..imaginatively designed..great game etc etc.. now my game save is gone and experiencing slow-downs. I thought I wouldn't mind starting it again but I'm not sure now.. bah! ..way to ruin a game. I had to restart the whole thing after the update :/ Liked how you fixed the freezing problem, but next time you update make sure my progress don't delete again Reinstalled 4 times already. Each time gets stuck at another place. Tried 2 different devices. Both stock nexus. Want my money back. THANKS AMANITA, IT WORKS GREAT NOW!  I too had to start over but I had not gotten very far. This is a really cute, fun puzzle game. The music suits it perfectly and is not overbearing at all. Unlike most games, I play this one with the sound all the way up. It is just challenging enough for me, I get stumped now and then but then I can figure it out on my own. I absolutely love it. :) Happy gamer girl! This is very disappointing. The update wiped all my progress!! Great game, but when I was nearly finished with the game the update wiped everything. Graphic design is stunning and cute. Gameplay is elegant and simple. Was several levels into the game when it froze. Update came the next day but then reset all progress to the beginning. Very disappointing. After last update I had to start from begining,now level8.hope next update will not delete progress. Cheers! Branches disappear after the last update on Nexus 7 2013, cache deleted, problem still exists... This was one of the best gaming experiences I've had on any device or console. Game is interesting and unique, but the constant crashes (especially the repeated ones making it impossible to get past a particular section) are infuriating. Its very useful game Love the look of this game but it keeps crashing on both my Samsung Galaxy S5 and my Nexus 7 2013. Had to uninstall. The bugs really need to be fixed on this app. Especially since I paid for it. Not impressed. Beautiful art but crashes and freezes on my droid maxx please fix for 5 stars thanks I am feeling prad. Brilliant game and graphics. Only problem is it regularly freezes like many other user!! Great game but there is a level that I can't get past because it keeps glitching and crashing. Wonderfully quaint A piece of art~ Beautiful I loved Machinarium so was delighted to see this app was finally available for Android. It's beautifully done with delightful graphics and interesting gameplay. My only quibble is that I wish there was a way to skip some of the more finicky mini-games (like the volleyball sequence). I also wish it were longer. However, this level of creativity and artistry deserves all the support it can get. End up entering a new area and just randomly tapping all over the place looking for something to happen. Last levels are impossible due to the small screen size and also the fact that it doesn't react to your touch unless you are directly pointing to the object. Error " The application is incorrectly configured...check client ID " Bought this game and can't open it, tried on two nexus devices now. Game won't open and just opens to a black screen. When trying to fix, ran out of time for a refund. As beautiful, charming and entertaining as Machinarium, which is saying something! I have installed this on to my Note 2, I also have a padfone 1 will the game be updated to work on there? Better than machinarium Blank screen when starting the game on my Nexus 5 after a message saying "Package Helper process stopped". Too bad because I really like Machinarium. I have Android 4.4.4 with Paranoid Android. Gets to the preloaded animation, then the screen goes blank and stays unresponsive. This game awesome. I barely play a game though, but this one, I play it all night long. I love the sound effects in this game, funny. But only one thing did draw it back to 4 stars, which is I can't save the progress online. I play it on my nexus 5 at first, then try to play it on the nexus 7 and found I have to start from the very beginning. I believe lots of people liked me play games on phone and tablet. If the game could save online, it would be perfect. Really good but for a few glitches This game just puts a smile on your face.  With the cute characters and the amazing audio creating an atmosphere of whimsy, their misadventures and antics can't help but make you chuckle.  Game can be a bit laggy in some areas but its rare.  Be sure to click and drag around a lot for maximum enjoyment. This game is seriously something you need to experience. Just spend your $5 here and skip the $5 Subway foot long. WoW, thanks for the journeys Very nice This is a great game. Look forward to playing it again and again. A beautiful, expertly crafted adventure game from the folks at Amanita. Imaginative, brimming with character and with the best audio yet to grace an Android game. Worth every single penny. Every screen is like a painting, waiting to be discovered, where the game itself approach narration without using words by simply showing you. Excellent! Please improve performance. Sometimes game can't loading, I need turn off and opens again to loading game. Love it! Different from pc version but still perfect After the intro. The game goes to a black screen with no way out. I have an HTC One on kit Kat PLEASE do not let the price scare you away. I am so blown away by this game, I'm at a loss for words! I literally felt like crying when I reached the end. The best game I've ever played. Greaaaat, but short! Yes, it freezes at the title screen (black screen) on the first start. This workaround, however, works. Tap the blank screen about ten seconds after the music starts, hit the home screen button twice, then switch back to the app. Starts up no problem. I don't know what ART runtime or Android L Developer Preview are, but it seems to boil down to "this app currently doesn't work on the HTC One M8". It surprises me that an app like this wouldn't be compatable with a brand new phone. This game is graphicy stunning Eventually got this to work on my HTC One by tapping the blank screen about 5-10 seconds after music starts playing, pressing the HOME key to exit game and finally double tapping the HOME key and selecting the game again. Works flawlessly thereafter. Seems to have some issues with ART, including outright crashing. Unfortunately, the developer simply told me that they can't support ART at this time. That's fine, I guess, but given the price, and the massive download size, I'd think that at least some message on the app's page suffixing of this issue would be prudent. Be ye warned. Doesn't work on my HTC-one, will play loading video and get stuck on black screen with music in background after 30s. I have this and Machinarium on my home pc and now both on my mobile. Marvelous games. All I see is a black screen... App is not crashing... Just a black screen....please fix it..can't wait to play this..I am on android 4.4.4 :-) Everything these guys make is gold. Buy it would will not not be sorry it's worth the money. Everything is just perfect ... Its very funny :)) Una juego mágico y adictivo que pone a prueba tu atención e imaginación. Define un estándar muy alto para juegos de este tipo y genera expectativas con los otros juegos del desarrollador On my Nexus 5. Exquisite graphics and out of this world music. Love everything by amanita, been waiting so long for this to come to android. So much fun, beautiful, and just all around brilliant. Its one of the best iPad games, now on Android! 👍 Great App, but it would be great to add the commercial service calculation as well to this. I use this along with ATP textbooks teaching electrical technicians. easy to use. I liked the old version better. no optional calc. on this one. fo back to the old version. Excellent Amazing, love the paintings, love the riddles, love the music, a game made for fun 😀 so sweet :) Lovely game. Two escape rooms and one hide and seek. Really pleased to find Bart Bonte games again. Brings back memories of lazylaces and nordhino Amazing. I am seven and I enjoyed working out the puzzles. More please! I found Where is Cat? a short, fun, well worth the spend game. Excellent puzzle play and music and whimsical, simple, but very pleasing cartoon graphics and overall a very pleasant experience. Left me wanting very much more of exactly the same. I'd happily pay more for a few more adventures with Cat. Thank you Bart Bonte I'm definitely going to be purchasing more of your creations based on this experience and your many other 5 star reviews. They're all well deserved Bart Bonte's games are so much fun and entertaining! I think they're absolutely adorable. Love the graphics. I've become a fan and am looking forward to all his other games. Thank you and many blessings to all of you connected with his games💐 This is so fun and cute! I hope there could be more! Super short.. took me maybe 15 minutes to play.. but I loved it. So much fun! I hope cat has many other adventures! Awesome, cute and clever! As a puzzle lover, I've bought every game by Bart Bonte because they never disappoint. This game is no exception! It's not very long but that doesn't take away from the loads of fun you'll have finding objects and clues and using them to solve puzzles. It's a fun adventure on your quest to answer the ultimate question, "Where is cat?" Perfect for the whole family to enjoy! I look forward to more games by this developer and I can't wait for the next installment. Keep up the great work! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ love this! wish it had more mini games. thank you so much Bart. some of your other games of are pretty tricky as well. will be coming back for more 🙂 I could've sworn I'd already boughten this one as I remember thinking about paying for a kids game and playing it long ago, used credit to get again so no big but just confused. Love the game though even as a kids game its fun to play and keep you occupied plus i can share it with my family My little sister love this game. But I just can't find another game in app store that is silmiar to this. Was wondering if you plan to update new content to this game or make a game similar to this. Updated review following fix in latest version - my daughter loves this game. Keeps her amused and helps her solve puzzles (and she's not yet 4!). Brilliant game. I hate that the game won't save when you exit, and I can't turn off the sound. Cool...and fun...a bit short Funny and quirky so cute >,< simple gameplay, puzzles were difficult enough the first time I played it (I keep replaying to see the sweet kitty n.n), overall pretty adorable. can be a bit difficult to spot some things due to the art style. would love more games starring cat =D My kids love these find the cat games. I wish there were more. The games are are simple and colorful. AWESOME thanks so much for it and stuff Very challenging cat games is fun !!!! I want more!! I went through this to fast. Please do more cat games, it was so good! It's a lot of fun to play it with my kids, and teach them to pay attention to the clues. I like that it's drawn by kids too. So incredibly cute and entertaining! With the current content, it's true that it doesn't take long to finish. You cannot compare this game to his other work, as it's made to be simpler and kid friendly. but I've never been disappointed by BB. I look forward to watching the collection grow! I bought this for my 5yo niece to occupy her when she's with me. She just  finished Cat in Japan a few months ago and Christmas Cat yesterday. Both  were challenging enough that we both found it entertaining, but not so  difficult that she was frustrated into quitting. She even solved some of  the puzzles that had me stumped! Very cute. Very enjoyable. I'm writing  this review because I'm at the play store to look for a similar game for  her to play now. Fun little 5 minute games you can play with kids Cute graphics, quick game play, great for kids I love BB games truly. Just when you think you've played every puzzle game. Very smart and very cute. Want more levels!!! Clever and amusing Although I find it charming; the fact that it, compared to his other games, is so incredibly easy and is so quick to solve...I feel cheated. That's hard for me to say because I AM such a big fan of his but, truth is, it's just not worth the 2 dollars. If he had asked that for What's Inside The Box, Yellow, or Red; MAYBE...But, this is just a cute kids game that you finish in twenty minutes or less. Still a fan. Just a disappointed one. Another fantastic simple game. I especially love the way Japan and Christmas were done. It is a short play, but I know creator said updates will come eventually. Well worth the small price. Great puzzle game, has easy one for 3+ year olds and some more difficult ones for adults. I like this game set a great deal. It's not hard, but has good challenges. It's family friendly and just fun to play. Great artwork and sceneries.  Fun to play and very cute.  Original!!  I have enjoyed all Bonte's games. More.. more.. Refund? Not a chance! I'm keeping this game. I've loved playing Bonte games and I'm so pleased I can now play on my tablet and share with my grandkids! They love this one. The game was so fun and challenging it really makes you think. I do wish after you passed the game it would give you a level type thing so you could keep going on the cat adventure. Charming A very fun quick game. Eagerly awaiting for the next level/update. Please tell me what I could save the progress in the game? Every time I will need to start a fase from the beginning? I got a refund because I cleared all of them in 10 minutes or so after I bought it. And then I saw your reply that you will continue updating this game, so I bought it again. I particularly liked the last one, Cat in Japan - keep it up! Cheers! A fun little series of games. Perfect for a boring journey! The design is really cute and I did have my fun but the puzzles / riddles are quite easy and it is really short. So, although there will be free additional content in the future, in my opinion it's just not worth the money right now. More levels! Ahhh! This was great! At first I thought they'd all be hide and seek and must admit I was mildly disappointed. Perhaps anyone who reviewed "too easy" thought the same. Although cute and enjoyable, the other puzzles were positively wonderful. It turned out to be a lovely warm up to something challenging and super fun. Love Bart Bonte. Wow, great game I played this in less than 5 minutes I want something MORE challenging great game though I hope to see more  thrilling and exciting puzzles. Great little game,  but way too easy! I finished the game in 6 minutes,  I want more! I finished all the levels i 3 min Love these puzzle cute games Not too hard, but not too easy - just the right amount of challenge for a fun puzzle I've been playing Bart Bonte games for years and they're some of my favorites.  I bought this as a way to say thanks to Bart for making such great games.  I love the new cat series. A great game maker I've enjoyed from the flash days, top fun game to get you in the Xmas mood Super Can’t play on my Note +10 I would purchase and play this game but the screen size issue is a killer for me. Once this is fixed then i will reconsider. Good game. Please fix screen size. Not fitting the screen of the new phones to play. I used to play this a lot on my old phone but on my new one (Moto One Zoom) it doesn't fit to the screen size correctly making it unplayable. :-( A great game but plz fix the screen size! (Galaxy S10+) Didn't fit my screen Upgraded to Pixel XL 2 and now right side of game is cut off!!!!???? We can play this game for timepass Amazing game for the budding air traffic controller. It is worth the money if you are into aircraft, and you can spend hours on it. I think it deserves five stars but I can think of a few improvements, such as adding an option where you can put planes in holding patterns. Thanks, and keep updating! For airport and airplane lovers I love the airport's in the game now but can you add some more like Paris which is Charles de gul and Australia or Dublin or even shannon in Ireland Great little game to kill time with. Good graphics, very rewarding, Thanks! It is very good game but after it updated, it became slow. May be occupying more mb. If it works properly then it is fantastic game. Something with the screen size doesnt work! The game screen doesnt fit mobile screen size. So i cant use some of the options ...such as pause! Kind of upset I bought it. It's just a birds eye view of a city and its really hard to see the airplanes. addictive challenging and lots of fun. Can you add makassar international airport?? I'm addicted to it. It challenge you, has several airports (hope to have more in future updates). Totally recommended Wondering when the next update will be released. Zurich was mentioned but nothing as yet Add lax please and dfw...good game Brilliant!!!! I heard Zurich is coming up, has it came already or is it still not ready? Awesome... I'm  hooked The game would be better if you added emergencies, severe weather , and day and night cycles Love it Frustrating, my status is reset to novice and all scores to 0..was guru earlier..reset happened after update Awesome the game Always loved these games since it first came out. Can you please add an airport from Australia in your next update? Needs to have day by day weather and day and night Good Air control sim Have a One plus phone however the Barcelona update is not available. Pl resolve and take 5 stars from me. Awesome game but would like to have change of day  and unexpected weather Wonderful game play Worth getting for sure. I'd like to see busy airports like O'Hare and Lax etc but good game overall Cool nice awesome amazing best game ever! Excellent, I have played it over and over again, just amazing, please consider add more airport, it is quit fun. Addictive .... Los of fun. Hard to put down ... Updated to get London and lost all of my previous scores and now won't even track new scores. What does it mean when a runway flashes red? Oh and a suggestion you should add a button to close  the airport and a sandbox mode It's not like the previous ones. The graphics are really cartoony and the planes are kind of unrealistic. But I like that it is real airports. Best Still needs some fixing The graphics are not optimised for my HTC One, since the ui is so small Bad quality Very poor, waste of money...want my refund back My 2 year old grandson loves this game SWR2 for phonograms practice works on Android levels 8 & 9 (avoid the old one for technical reasons). You can create separate practice lists for different children & different purposes. I use 1 list for student to work with alphabet, list 2 for all 70 spellings, & a 3rd with 6 vowels for my international ESL students. Adjust speed & playback as needed. I love the concept but the game was outside of my phones screen range so there were some buttons I couldn't click. I first found it on cool math games and I've fallen in love The game has a glitch that needs fixed I give it a 5-star review it's a good game the mechanics of the game is amazing I really like the way you progressed even though it is a little glitchy at the corners I don't mind it but I would like it to get fixed I have galaxy note 9 and the display for the game acts up. I closed and restated the app several times. The far left and right of my screen are just a copy of then game in the middle. It is playable not not fun to look at. Can you please fix the glitch that makes the edge of the screen look like a glitchy version of the main screen. It should be full screen because it's hard to see anyway. Please just make it full screen!! I'm not getting a refund because once it's fixed I'll love it, this was my favorite game! Is the best game i ever seen it have everything you are looking for The sides have a continuous loop of the edge of the screen. We Good Great game but hate how if you choose to continue after you win or lose the threat no matter what will keep increasing and when you lose a battle at that time you are just screwed Its a great game just the sides are broken ive played it for a very long time ands its very fun Very good game. Awesome. But there is one thing on phone that's not on computer that you probably know. You have to somehow fix em aides up a little bit other wise love the game! Pretty fun but gets old fast. Wouldn't recommend The 100 turns is a little lame Very disappointing. I use a Pixel 3 phone. The game screen is overlapping, This is very confusing. This game is not playable. there could be more levels and skirmish mode simple but fun TBS game As of now, simple but fun game. Wish it qould fit screen properly. Feels like a turn-based idle game. Very Fun. impossible marble age is better bored should be free My one problem with it is that it gives you 100 turns I wish there was a mode where it had that but also in another a mode where you had infinite turns besides that It is amazing It's great game I love this game. Its so fun and you need to make good moves in battle or you will not win the battle. You also need to make good moves in the techs area. This is a great game for me because I love stratigey games. Way too cartoony.  Pre Dynastic Egypt offered vibrant art and visuals and was very immersive.  This game is several steps down.  But it is cheaper so I'll give it that.  Not a bad game but not great. I think the requirements to win are too difficult, but the game is still really fun. Impossible to win. The requirements are too high in Near east, even on easy. One wrong tech research, one random event, and you can't recover. Dear dev, it's a game, a relaxing activity, not powerlifting. Amazing I love these games  But ilike more the direction of predynasty Egypt is going  I hope they do a Greek version of predynasty :) Awsome if you like  survival  games than this is great but a bit more difficult than i entend OMG this Game is insanely fun game!!!! Best game ever it may be a little hard but I do like a challenge I love it also you can play it on pc on coolmath Fun but It impossible to win so and but addvicate. . I not like African round but I suggest you play middle east one I love the game and all I just can't win I just die I tried so hard Very good and simple to play game Very hard to win Great resource allocation puzzle. Worth the purchase. However it was not ported very well. As it doesn't fit the screen and runs poorly. This is a wonderful strategy game and easy to learn and fun to play with another friend next to you playing it. Its asome this is the best strategy game ever I first played this on coolmath and it wasn't as good as this I would rate +10 if I could Good game Epic strategy game Awesome I want to make history The game is well made and fun. I've managed to win on normal, but deific is pretty much impossible. I'm considering writing a tutorial for normal and easy, as I can beat those just about every time I try. Has anyone actually beaten the game on deific mode? Impossible to win even on super easy Love it Additive I like it but Marble Age is better. Check it out if you like this one. Its amazing all you have to do to win is biuld the pyramid, but its hard to get pass the game mdjjdkid  I have played the tutorial, on Easy mind you, 35-40 times and have not once won a game. Either the tutorial is missing something basic or I'm the stupidest person who has ever played this game. 'course both could be true. The screen does not fill up the whole screen Not bad Best game ever!!!!! Simple mechanics, simple graphics = fab time killer. But for all that, it'll make you think a bit if you want to win. Fairly simple interface, that works well. Silly but good Average game. Not much choice in strategy. Freezes occasionally. Needed to redownload to even start it. You can go on armor games and play both of em Fairly straight-forward and simple graphics, but that's not a bad thing.  More or less bug free and a nice difficulty on the harder settings Good but it doesnt fit the screen. Makes some things hard to read. Fantastic app, so many effects! Got it for my kid, but totally keeps me entertained too! It so good app i like it because it got all kinds of thing to play with it Ailen space thinkers explode flame my 6 month old son was in awe, he actually looked at me and I thought he said wow... Great idea but room for improvement... It would be nice for the app to rotate. Also it would be great to have a tab where I can add my favourites, even better custom favourites. By custom I mean it is nice to be able to change the background but would be better if you could also change the music and the speed of the graphics. Maybe even add a section to create your own design. The app is a good start but for the price I paid I want so much more. It would be good to catogrize designs by speed too Such a wonderful mindfulness tool.. Perfect for calming and a lovely stim aid. Son loves this game, however there are glitches. No matter how many times it's installed or reinstalled the glitches don't get fixed. Would've rated it 5 stars. I'm a Complex Needs teacher. My pupils absolutely love this, even pupils with very limited movement can get great results from this. Beautiful app, well done designers! Beautiful app and great for kids This app helped get a very stroppy child back to sleep in the middle of the night, so I find it extremely worthwhile. Got for my super awsome son who has CVI & sensory processing disorder ,he loves it and so do I awsome work. Deleted itself now it won't let me install. It's very good and if you have a tablet and a smart TV your kids will love it Recommended by someone but their version on iPad has a balloon one  any chance we can that too  pls needs quit button My 5 year old who has special needs loves this app, as does my typical three year old. Easy for them to use, bright colors, and great sound effects. I would love to find similar apps or apps by the same developer. My 2.5 year old autistic Son loves this app, superb design, designer really knows their stuff. My toddler's favorite app. Got it on my kindle, too. She has cp and cvi its awesome Works exactly the same as the Ipod version - well done for looking after us Android users (use the app on both). Would be good to be able to download more scenes or customise them. Ur child doesn't need 2 have a disability 2 enjoy this app. My 5 yr old granddaughter is completely healthy. Thank the Lord. This apps makes her laugh n makes her happy. She loves when we play with it. I pretend that I'm sleeping. She starts playing with the app, I get begin "to stir" or just plan act like she's scared the living daylights out of me. Then I demand too know, Who's that making all that noise when nannys trying 2 sleep? I act silly. She laughs We have a gr8 time. What more could I ask 4? 😊 I downloaded this for my god-son to play with while hanging with a friend. Turns out, i liked it more then the kid did (he loved it as well, of course). Great app! I have shown it to many friends since. "Woah, man. Woah." ;-) Thank you for a great app for individuals with special needs. My almost-5-year-old, blind and autistic, is still trying to figure out how touching the tablet works.  This app had him refining his touch and laughing and interacting almost immediately!  What a great find! My son is ASD and loves this app so much. Already has a favourite setting. Highly recommended, not just for SEN kids. Absolutly brilliant app I havent shown him it yet but I just know he is going to LOVE it from seeing it my self has everything u need sensory wise ive suggested it to everyone in gdd group :) hopefully they will believe me how good it is and get it! My son loves it. Really calms and seems to soothe him. Highly recommended. I love this so much I can go on it every day but I have to GI to school and do some level 5 maths and I am only 9 Didn't work now lost my money. Please sort this and refund me This app is wonderfully designed as an engagement tool to encourage sustained attention to task and a variety of touchscreen access skills. It's also one of the most visually lovely apps on Play! Downloaded it after reading the description with a view to using it with pupils with Special Needs, however did not realise how much I would enjoy it! Absolutely love dots and the sound of the different effects are very satisfying such as the fireworks, leaves and crackling fire. This is more than a Special Needs app but is great as a motivator for children with ASD and/or severe learning difficulties.Thank you and please write more motivating apps that all children will enjoy and play. Let me switch of the sound! Unbearable, switched off after 30sec (and looking through all menus for the sound toggle) A great game I absolutely love this game... But it is completely unplayable on my Samsung S20. The resolution makes it sit off center and half of the game is off screen. If this gets fixed, I will definitely purchase it again. Other than a steep learning curve for the touch controls, the game is exactly what I remember and loved about the PC version. Thanks for an awesome, non-cash-grab game! 😃 Absolutely the best game I've played all year. It's like best elements of 8-bit micro games yet it still offers something new. Once the main game is complete you have the fiendishly difficult user levels to play meaning this game gives you a lot of playing time. Please make more. jackson 5 This is not a good port. It's not compatible with controllers, it doesn't have anywhere near the amount of features as the pc version, and the player levels are completely untested, so good luck trying to beat Line Wrap, A New Dimension or Golden Spiral. Love this game but the controls don't work as well on mobile. There's an option to have on-screen buttons but I just bought it on Steam instead. Great game, unfortunately not optimized for screens wider than 16:9. The graphics look very blurry and you can't open the map or settings. Thank you for fixing it awesome game, but some buttons are off the screen, for example i cant check the map, so if you could fix that i would be really thankful EDIT: the dev fixed it, it's wonderful, updated to 5 stars, and already halfway through the game :D This is one of my favorite ges ever. Bought it on android long ago (started with the pc version) and wanted to revisit it on my phone, but it seems its not compatible with the most recent versions of android. EDIT: game was updated a couple months after my old review, and now runs beautifully! Its just great! Really fun! First review from a Samsung Galaxy Tab A6 for this game & I can say with confidence I recommend playing this awesome game. (Also there's no ads & it works offline) (wow) A decent mobile port of a great game. Honestly not really fit for mobile though, definitely better to play with physical controls. This is a solid retro game it feels like the days of the nes its that good It is very fun. And the good thing is, you can just keep on playing without adds. not so geat using gamepad. The flip is mapped to controller up and down and not to any of the buttons, so what happens you accidently flip the screen when moving. The more natural method would be to map the flip to a shoulder button or other button One of my very favorite games of all time. The mobile version is probably the best. The controls actually work better on a touch pad. But everyone should experience this weird and wonderful puzzler maze title Awesome retro game ! AWESOME!!!!!! Great game, though it doesnt work on my phone. It has the music, and no visuals. Running it on a galaxy s10+ and android 9 Theres no way to mute the game. Awesome game, but menu buttons don't fit on screen. Pixel 3 The swiping controls... So bad. .Only reason I bought this was Tiny Heist is such an amazeballs game. If you have a pc and like this guy's games try it. Tight level design, amazing music. The soundtrack alone makes this game worth it. But as for the gameplay, does Zelda style dungeon and overworld exploration but with platforming challenges instead of puzzles sound fun to you? Get this game. Great game, plays as good as any other version. Simple but Golden. Most of the one star reviews have to do with the game not starting. But i dont understand why, i have a xiaomi pocophone f1 and ive never had an issue with any game. Edge games is nearly impossible please fix. The game is pretty good. It is difficult in some parts. i hard that there was a secret ending in this game? and its very creepy 😔 but i think its not real Really fun but a good challenge too This game actually sucks do the one thing the controls are absolutely terrible if there was a setting for two arrows that a button that would be better than this control scheme I have a confession to make. When I first saw both this game and Super Hexagon, I was broke but interested, so pirated them for PC and immediately fell in love with everything about them, especially the music. Ot was to the point where I forced everyone I knew to play them. So now that they're available in app form (that old laptop died on me), I feel great about finally paying the creator for what is still one of my favorite gaming experiences ever. I hope more games come and thank you. great port from original. i have been playing for ages on multiple platforms definitely deserves a five star Last updated to get rid of the super awesome music for completing the game. I do not like the new song :( (the old one was called Piercing the Sky). Though it at least works without stuttering now! Great game, but doesnt work on Pixel 3. Looks like the game hasn't been updated for several years and the developer doesn't have time for it anymore on this platform. Welcome update to pie so runs on recent phones. Pain in the ass when an app you've bought doesn't run on your phone because the devs couldn't be arsed doing an update. A really great platformer, one of my favorites on mobile. The controls are smooth (but just frustrating enough to keep you wrapped in), and it has a really nice soundtrack or together. Overall definitely deserves a 5/5. Thanks for the Android pie update! would be an easy 5 star if the music could be muted. beautiful game, but its impossible to overstate how annoying the short soundtrack gets on its unstoppable loop. love this on pc... won't open on pixel 1. crashes on open doesn't work on my galaxy so plus Pure retro platforming. One of my favorite platformers. Surprisingly good controls for touchscreen, with 3 options. Excellent level design and clever obstacles. is not working on my galaxy s9 since most recent update. at startup a dialogue box pops up saying the app keeps crashing. Unlimited lives and notoriously hard retro platforming. Died 14 000 times on my first play through (all collectibles). An extremely satisfying and fun experience! This game has a place in my life. From the grafics to the music. It is so fun to play again and again because of how mutch stuff there is. I love it. Won't open on Pixel 3 GOOD BUT YOU WASTED MY MONEY Crashes when opening on Pixel 1. Will update if this gets fixed. Like the game but can't make it run on Android 9. Does game support it? My device is Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact with stock firmware This is missing a level editor update now!?!?!? My son loves this game! Good job Terry! The controls are a bit iffy but aside from that the game is great. FUN! Perfect game, tight controls, great music, plenty of challenge I'm sure this game would be really fun to play on a system with a real controller, because swiping to move left and right is by far the worst control mechanic I have ever heard of in a phone game. I regret paying for this. I love this game but i just re downloaded it and it won't open, crashes right away :(. hopefully they're able to fix soon Great soundtracks very difficult platformer awesome game A great game, tons of fun to play casually and even better for speedrunning The recent Pie update for Android has made this port unplayable. It  instantly crashes as soon as you open the app. I didn't like this version. It's a real shame because I absolutely LOVE  playing this game on my Switch. This mobile port just pales in comparison.  The graphics are blurrier, the controls are awful, and it doesn't even  feature the Analogue Mode from the ORIGINAL version. I highly recommend  VVVVVV, but definitely not this version. Masterpiece! An awesome game classic with awesome music. I recommend everyone who likes  somewhat-hard platformers to play this game in some form. The controls with  a touch screen are very interestingly thought out, even though they do make  some stuff harder to do. But it definitely possible to Do it the hard way™  with them. As others already pointed out though, the graphics are passed  through a scaling filter on high-resolution devices and therefore do not  look crisp. Also, this game has no achievement connection to Google Play  Games, which it would definitely deserve. Such a wonderful game. This is the third time I've bought it. I absolutely love this game so much! I really wish I could tell the  developers how much I loved this game, even several years after I bought  it! For using touch controls, it controls very well, too! One of my favourite games of all time in my 30+ years of playing video games. Runs great on my phone and ageing tablet. Extremely clever and charming, and the touch controls are good enough that I can get through Veni Vidi Vici. Great little game My favourite game of all time Have it on a range of platforms, played through about 50 times. Only problem is the time trials in the android version - so laggy I can't play them PPPPPP Well the game itself is very well thought out and expertly crafted to ensure fast paced&challenging gamplay, but its random laggyness and even more lag in flipmode could use some improvement. Also, in flipmode when you disengage background you have this overlapping reversed objects that renders the game unplayable. That is a problem. Lastly, some player-created levels are allegedly impossible to beat in certain areas, and my version has one of those instances in 'Golden Spiral'-"watch it bend." Maybe it is a glitchy physics? Idon't know. Loved it compatibility issue with lg v20?? i can hear game sounds and music fine but screen doesn't show properly it's just pitch black In 1 player world every time i go up and back down then the game starts glitching every time. And the normal game goes just fine. And i completed the game and it starts getting boring. Just finished the game.  Absolutely loved it the gameplay was great and quick paced.    Only issue would be that it appeared to drain my battery more than I would expect. Great, fun game! Difficult at times but when you get past the hard parts it's really rewarding. Best mobile game yet!!!, but the title is very stupid. I love this game because the creator was behind "Super Hexagon" & "Tiny Heist". Can we have the level editor please 😀 Cool but fix the controls Terrible touch controls The new update forces use of bilinear filtering, blurring the image. A video options menu similar to the PC version would be nice, so I could select analogue mode and integer filtering. (The previous version had sharp pixels) Love this game, it's insanely hard, but there's a lot of checkpoints, knew every few feet. Makes the game hard but not feel incredibly punishing for deaths Although it's still a good game no matter what platform you play it on, the Android version has some problems. On the Galaxy S7, the game lags whenever a text box appears. This can be REALLY annoying when you're trying to progress though the game and you pass a terminal. A game this simple should not have any lag on a powerful phone like the Galaxy S7. Also, the gamepad controls are weird IMO. Y is flip while A is interacting with objects when it should be vice-versa. Other than that, this is a pretty good version of VVVVVV. Please fix these issues though, it would make the Android version much better. SeemsGood One issue, in time trials, the game runs at a sweet 20 fps. Can you make it a bit better? I like ut Many games from terry Cavanaugh This is by far my favorite indie game of all time, when it comes to the gameplay and the soundtrack. I had not played the PC version in years and when I saw it was on mobile, I had to buy it. Very much worth the $3. i dont talk much about game, its awesome like seems in the pictures Skillful developer to make a great platform game nowadays. Good music and creative gameplay. Love this game. Very challenging. However, it disables my phone audio over Bluetooth in my car. I can't make phone calls in my car until I reboot my phone. Then, it works. Start the game, it goes away again and doesn't come back until I reboot my phone again. Uninstalled the game, problem goes away. Its awesome! A great game for pc, now for Android! So happy that it is on mobile, it brings me back soooo many memories This game is fun but at times is very hard and the wrong kind of hard because it takes advantage of the controllers not being very good when needed to move just a little bit. Really great but slightly short if your good at it (make sure you use the d-pas) It was fun I completed it but I kept playing new game. Hard but fun Too much lag. Pretty much unplayable Great game Fun but Chalangeing at the same time A very challenging but fun playformer. Not to mention the awesome 8 bit soundtrack! This is a great game and deserves 5 stars, but it wont open on my device. When i try, it shows a black screen that wont go away. Help? I love it Is there Android TV version comming out ? I played it on a PC long time ago, loved it. Just bought it here, thought I can play it on my TV. But nothing :( On the Nexus 6p it stutters like crazy, in ways it definitely should not. Would love to rate this port higher, but I can't quite yet. This is a very hard game to 100% and actually I didnt, was missing one dang coin with a devious puzzle but even just playing is a challenge with interesting mechanics throughout and all that is really fun. The story is a good one too about a guy getting his crew to head home. I loved it when I played it year's ago on a site and still now, a very colorful and creative game, shown more creative with the player created levels. If you like a frustrating yet satisfying challenge and a fun story this is for you Beat with 40 deaths on computer but already have 200 on the lab It's a very well-designed challenging game and has one of the best soundtracks ever. I've played through this game many times and I still die over 100 times each time I play it. But it's just so good listening to that Level Complete tone roll again. Soundtrack is awesome, and this game will have you flipping out, both literally and verbally. Also it plays very well (besides a slippery Viridian), and will give you a satisfying series of challenges to flip your way through. I love the game its so original and it's really good it's a good deal for 3$... It would be amazing if you would make a level editer! Very fun, very addictive, very frustrating (in a good way). I wonder if they're gonna add any other Indie games, such as Undertale by Toby Fox... Great game, but unplayable on the Nexus 6p because of the framerate. Lots of skipping and freezing. One of the best games on google play when it works. It's lagged and buggy. It's a great game, but horribly optimized for the Nexus 6P. Fix it and it will be 5 stars I get horrible frame rate issues when the text interface appears. If that can be fixed, this would easily be a 5 star game. Watched Markiplier play it and wanted to try myself Ran fine on my Moto G, finished it there, decided to replay it on my OP2 and the normal platforming is fine (seems to be 30FPS) until the cut scenes/dialogue come in which makes the game really choppy and unresponsive. Won't work on Gpd xd shame love it on ouya though This game simultaneously satisfied my need for a retro-platformer while creating a totally fresh, ingeniously original, and wonderfully challenging experience. And the music rocks. Get this game. The only thing I have to add is some cloud storage w/ google play or facebook. Maybe some achievements would be nice too If only this game was free :( Gameplay is awesome but everything is slightly blurry. It doesn't have the crisp look like it does on PC It's hard Best mobile platform game out there, challenging as well, loved every bit of it! Goes to a black screen whenever I try to play it. I can't do anything, which is a shame because I've heard good things about this game. Please fix this. The main mechanic of the game is such a cool idea and it's fun to play with. Like many others, I get hung up on dialogue screens etc. Hope to see a bug fix sometime. Cool music.  Fun game. This game is challenging, but in a great way. The controls are tight and simple, and every death feels fair. This game was well worth my money, and I will enjoy many more hours to come. Lags horribly on xperia m4 aqua dual. It's an amazing game that unluckily is barely playable on this device Been having a lot of issues with lag and choppy gameplay. Nexus 6P. At first it was just during dialogue;  however, now it's throughout the game, making it virtually unplayable. I keep coming back to the game hoping it will fix itself, but to no avail. I would have refunded if this was the case when I first downloaded the game. Please fix or advise on possible solution. But why is there an elephant in the game? Lags a ton on my Nexus 5x. Game seems really neat, but it needs to be playable. Hopefully I'll be able to rate this 5 stars in the future. One of the best platformers. I have it on PC. Completely lag free. Worth the money definitely. Love VVVVV on pc, Would like this one more if it had a level editor like pc. Possibly better than on Steam! Fun. I would easily consider this to be one of my favorite games of all time, and yet I'm not even a fan of challenging games! Even when you fail, you feel like you should have just one more go... WARNING! If you are going to buy this game, be prepared to be extremely frustrated, both with yourself and the game. A LOT. This is one of my favourite games ever on PC but the mobile version is unplayable. Love the music and the thing is a rage alot when I play this but it's the best platformer on the store . The only problem for some people will be that it can be frustratingly difficult at certain points.  Personally, I love the challenge. I thought that super hexagon was one of the best (and hardest) games on the app store, Until I played VVVVVV So laggy, unplayable I used to have a negative opinion of this game due to lag but now my opinion is changed. This game runs smoothly during play but it has its bugs during dialogue. Try and clear up lag during dialogue This is an incredible game, and it runs really nicely on Android. It has every feature of the PC version, including custom levels and controller support. This is an amazing game/best game Latency makes it too hard to play. Refunded. It used to work fine on my Galaxy S4, but it's slow and laggy on my Nexus 6P. This game is excellent. I have a phone with 3GB of RAM, this thing takes seconds to do any sort of action. Uninstalled. One of my favorite games on PC. On my Nexus 6p I get really bad lag whenever there is a dialog box on screen, and I can't tap to advance the text. Makes it unplayable so I'm requesting a refund. Please fix My favourite game of all time as the challenge is just so ragey it makes you always come back for more. I've completed it on two devices (3ds and old tablet) and hope to complete it again. I would recommend this game to all, if your up to the annoying but oh so satisfying challenge. One of the best platformers ever is now one of the best mobile games ever. THIS is how you do mobile platformers! it was an amazing rage indusing game but I loved any second did.it I 2.30 hours Lags. Moto X Pure Edition. Beat anyway. Good game. Still lags. I adore this game, and originally played it on the 3DS. I have no problems with the game itself, which is masterful. However, while it works perfectly on my Nexus 7, it has problems on my Moto X Pure. Looking at other reviews, it looks like there are issues with the LG G4, another big screened phone. There shouldn't be any problem running on the hardware end, so I think there's a glitch with 1440p screens. Please update and patch this problem, especially with so many new phones having high res screens. Incredible in every way. Extremely challenging but with a very forgiving checkpoint system so you actually feel like you're making progress. Would absolutely purchase a sequel. No controller support Add google save and linked the achievement to g+ please... I can't get it to load when I play it , fix it and I will give it 5 stars. Is there vvvvvv 2????? Extremely difficult,  extremely awesome game What ever happened to the on screen buttons? This game is impossible without them This game is amazing but quite hard Perfect platform game, not much of a storyline, but gameplay is absolutely superb 5/5 A good time killer over the course of a few days if you don't die too much every now and then. The default control is very difficult to use so d-pad option is recommended, but the entire game including the most difficult part of it is possible with every control. The users level would keep you busy for a long while until you put the game down. The game might be super difficult but it's not exactly rage-inducing for me personally, so highly recommended. Love this game. This is an excellent Android port of this classic. The swipe to move controls are a bit of a novelty though. I changed it to the d-pad setting. Personally, I have more control that way. Everything about this game is amazing, but it does make you rage quit a lot. Great, fun, game period. Really good music and platforming Doesn't run completely in full screen on GS6. I got this on my 3DS a while ago but it broke so recently I got it again on my tablet and already having so much fun so if there is gonna be a sequel (please) I'll fully support! From the music to the puzzle's, this game will go down in history as the best indie platformer. Good job 10/10 Most of you wont get this...terry its awesome, its speccy heaven..miner willy, hungry horace,  Bruce lee and chuckie egg would be proud...even the ' feel x of 8 bit is perfect. And already Lovin the knights from hunchback tribute in 'trench warfare ;-) more please This game gets on my nerves! Not because it's bad, it's because it's addicting! just the right amount of difficulty plus more. some puzzle knowledge and quick thinking mixed with reflexes make this an amazing game. definitely deserves the 5 out of 5. What an amazing game. Heartwarming story, tooth-grindingly difficult at some points, and makes good use of different control types. A lot of people complain about controls but I'm glad there are three different modes. And the cherry on top is that player worlds are available as well! Thanks so much! I only wish that the world was a bigger place. I enjoyed the rave elephant. Such a goofy good platformer Think super meat boy-esque,  but in the future and the world keeps turning upside down. I love this game and I also have a suggestion for the next update. Maybe if you could add a feature where you could switch to a character that has been rescued. As much as I love this game, the PC keyboard controls really are a lot better. On touchscreen the character often seems to slip and slide as if on ice, which amps up the difficulty for simple movement puzzles to an unnecessary degree. In some of the harder levels where fast precision is key, this is even more of a problem, and even switching to D-pad controls only helps so much. It's still playable, and a wonderful game too, but the controls definitely felt a lot more natural and tight on the PC version. This is a grate game can u make a second one like that the ppl get tost again and stuff but this time can you put like 2 more ppl to find . This review is only to reflect that the app won't launch. It just sits on a black screen. The game is great, this app is not. I absolutely love this game so so much! But later the slippery controlls turned it into a rage game, making you repeat the same section 20 times until you manage to get lucky. Very challenging but not impossible game.  The gameplay is excellent with fast and sharp controls.  Once you complete the game there's different game modes and user-created maps to tackle.  Very enjoyable and easily worth the price. If you don't like this game you probably suck at it! But that is understandable. This game's difficulty is perfect, and it is absolutely addicting. Love that there is user created levels, that is a nice touch. Pritty good as I played the PC version. However the controlls on here are pritty bad You should have us after we beat what you gave us we should travel to a new dimension and we beat THAT. This game is happily and frustratingly challenging. Great concept, many hours playing. Perfect little mobile game. But not much fun when you finish it This game is hard, but that's what we buy it for. Unfortunately, at least half the difficulty of the game is in its unwieldy control scheme. I have the same game on PC, and this version is harder by an order of magnitude, solely because of poor controls. Overall a lot of fun, but this game has only three controls - left, right, and flip - and two are poorly implemented. Very very very very very very fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Grate game This is an awesome platformer that I recommended you play, but on mobile the touch controls are too hard to manage and its just frustrating to get the twitchy bits right. Play it on pc With VVVVVV bringing a hard and great platformer to the table, I was hoping for a good port, and a good port it was, as it's nearly the same game, which is great. Its great, but When I used the unlock button to unlock the secret lab it worked fine. After that, I got all the trinkets, and now whenever I close the app my super gravitron highscore goes down to 3.10 seconds. Please fix this and it would definitely be 5 stars. This game is amazing on 3ds and runs great on a nexus seven tablet:) I already beat the game on PC. But I just want play this game on my phone/tablet. ...but with just the screen controls, holy CRAP this game is hard! One of the best (frustrating!) games that got me going. Played it everywhere! In the car, on the train, visiting grandma, going back on the train...your eyes will get addicted! It's a better game with physical buttons, but the genius of this gem still shines through on touch. You won't be disappointed. Not for the faint of heart, this game is freaking awesome. It's choice of 8-bit graphics and music is a strange one but the game benifits from it well. In space, no one can hear you scream again and again and again. It's a viciously tough world you won't want to stop exploring. Also the music is great! It's a really fun game to play anywhere and everywhere!! I love it, it's kinda addicting to! Go on and get it! VVVVVV involves challenging game mechanics, a nice flowing story and SPIKES! Ohhhh... the spikes... I only wish it had a level editor. Probably one of the best games on anywhere. Tons of content to boot, with the player-made worlds. Unfortunately there is a minor physics bug or two on mobile editions, making a few player-made worlds (try Optional Extra in Variation Venture) impossible. I cannot  download  the   game. Could   someone  help? Game won't open on 5.0 but works on 5.0.1 Great game ported properly :) This guy makes QUALITY games and I will buy everything he makes Android, 3DS, PC. This game is awesome. Remarkable lag in time trials It's a fun game but it feels like there's input lag. I get to certain parts where I need to be very accurate with the timing on my gravity shifts and it feels like it happens late or sometimes, it misses a touch queue all together (done on HTC One M7) This game will kick you in the crotch so hard you'll land on the moon. It's fun yet hard but the controls could use some work. It's worth the money and you should get it if you're a fan of retro or difficult games. 3000+ deaths in my first play through... And I love it... Found it by listening to one of the chiptune tunes... So the tunes are great... Recommended to any mobile hard-core gamer Such a fun game the best way to waste time at work! Love the music and the mechanics more more more (: Retro games are the best Unknown error: "-505" Don't play a lot of mobile games but this is fun and addicting. It's pretty much like the creators turned super hexagon into an action/adventure game imo. I love it. Touch screen controls do not allow for good game play twitching. Otherwise a great recreation of 8-bit quality. Wish there was Google Play Games support. It took awhile (3 days) but I finally beat it! It is a really addicting game and also frustrating at times, but gives you the sense of arcade adventure! I hope to see more games! I love VVVVVV. I've bought a total of 4 copies now. 3DS, Steam, Windows OS, Android. Now please sell it for Xbox One. One problem. Error 505. Can't install. 5.0 lollipop It's an 8-bit game. It should just pixelate when stretched, not blurred. The game is awesome (I've finished it on PC several times), but this  really needs to be fixed. Played and loved it on PC, and now I can play it on the go. Awesome soundtrack too! You've done a wonderful job transfering this game from the PC platform to mobile; however, the game is only effective on models that still have a keyboard. I'd also like to note an irritating bug; in the Super Gravitron, the best time has glitched in a fashion that it is now stuck at 11.18. I managed, at one point, to survive 20 second and some miliseconds, yet, when I returned, it had reset to 11.18. It's a really good game that suprisingly has a story. This is a game for the people with THUMBS OF STEEL!!! It's a hard game recommended for the hardcore players, but I recommend it for the pc on Steam or something. Great game, good story and difficulty Really good, but really hard! This deceptively simple-looking game is one of the best designed, well balanced and all around fun platformers of all time. Just a word of warning for anyone born after 1990 or so, though: this ain't one of those wishy-washy "everyone's a winner" games your generation is used to. This is a hard, uphill both ways in the snow kind of game that will make you want to snap your phone in half. I know this game's difficulty is what makes is challenging and interesting to play, but sometimes I have the feeling that the controls are not responding like I epxceted them to. The character slides after landing even after I have released the directionals. In phases where precision is a must - that means quite a lot of them in this game - it's hell annoyng. Not like in The Tower, for example, where I die because of pure noobness, but in places like Gordian Knot, where a little bit to the side means death. Needs audio options I didn't think this game would work for touch screens and although a keyboard is much more comforting for this particular game, the controls are great. One of my favorite designs up there with games like Braid, Portal, Mark of the Ninja, Super Meat Boy and more. Inspiring work. 217 deaths - two hours. RACE TIME AHAHAHA I love this game on pc. And when I saw it on here I wanted it so much. But it just black screens and never works. I would love to play it. It would be five if it had the same options as the 3DS version, i.e. sound and vibration/flashing. Otherwise 5/5. Awesome game! It's OK Well done, developers. Very fun! Ridiculously difficult but very enjoyable.  Harks back to my ZX Spectrum days I was overjoyed to see vvvvvv was coming to android, and I'm glad its such a success. This is one of my favorite games of all time. Thank you! I just want 1 thing - can you please make it with a 16:9 screen ratio? Then it will be perfect 👌 Best soundtrack ever. Discovered this game on the computer a few years back finally came to android!! Game runs perfect just like the computer version could never beat it let's see if I'll be able to now! Very challenging I love it!! Thanks dev!! Amazing game and an wonderful soundtrack. A must play game Very original and entertaining platform game. The soundtrack is really amazing. I love it. Lost patience on the vini vidi vichi but was really fun otherwise. Really fun OK controls, but a great game with loads of bonus content. Easily worth the price. This game is awesome. I play it all the time on my pc. There is only one problem. I find that swiping to move hinders gameplay... I'd prefer virtual buttons. I payed for it then it didn't work then the refund button magically dissapeared D:&lt; I get a Black screen from the start with voice feedback, no force closing. No ART support I love the style, music, and game play. Frustrating and fun. Leaves you wanting more. Please implement Play Game services! I've got just black screen with jump sound on my nexus7, but game is awesome on pc VVVVVVery fun! The game is very good, I regularly speedrun the game on PC however this port controls pretty clunkily. The lack of a quit button and the fact that the standard android buttons do nothing within the menues indicates that this is a bad port of the iPhone version. I'd highly recommend picking up the game on any other platform. VVVVVV is my favorite retro game ever.  There's a very good story,  great gameplay,  eastereggs,  and fun music that you could listen to for ages.  You could play this game over and over again. I highly recommend this game to people of all ages. Oops, I accidentally rated it 1 star. My bad! Loved this game.  Simple controls and great music Awesome themes and mechanics, only issue is lag but that may be my device after overplaying the game Simple game, the difficulty is challenging but not impossible - a great PC game which is great to play at all times. The port is well made. Also the music is fantastic. Really best game! But REALLY hard! Muito bom. Funciona perfeitamente no Intel. Ótimo jogo. Algumas fases bem difíceis. Graphics seem a little fuzzy, but that could just be the type of screen on my S3 mini, I've heard it does diagonal lines better than straight ones due to how the pixels are made up. VVVVVV is an incredible platforming/puzzle game with simple mechanics and Nintendo-quality level-design. I finished the main game twice here in its Android iteration (once in "flip" mode) and I can say that it's the same great game that it is on PC/Mac, except for the fact that the controls are never 100% comfortable. I had to switch my control type often (the game offers three), as none of them are perfectly-suited for every puzzle. But touchscreen-be-damned, this game is great. This game is amazing and addictive! Great level design and a great bunch of challenges to keep me occupied I love this  game. Very addicting. This is a great game and a very good port of it.  I've played both the PC and 3DS versions, so I'll admit I was skeptical about touch screen controls.  While they aren't as good as a keyboard/control pad, they work great.  So there's no excuse for anyone not to play this game.  Excellent soundtrack to go along with challenging gameplay and a solid graphical style. This game is great but I got to a part where I need to be best and the controls are a bit dodgy so it just makes me stop or turn the other way It's an extremely well made game, except for a battery leak bug. The only way to fix it is to force stop the app. Occasionally I'll forgot to do this and end up with a dead phone very quickly. Hopefully this issue can be resolved. gets a lot better when you realise you can change controls to d-pad. still hard to use fine control when flipping and need to move at the same time. has a battery leak, you'll need to force close after finishing playing. I had this game already on a humble bundle, but I'm happy to purchase it again. Sometimes it's really frustrating, but still a great game. I was super excited to hear that this game was on mobile. Easy controls but hard gameplay. Extremely satisfying. This game is awesome! I've been waiting for this to come out on Android for awhile, and it plays perfectly. Highly recommended! Vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv This is an absolutely stellar port of the game to mobile. It uses the full screen, has the same great levels and story as the original, and has a great menu design. I couldn't give it 5 stars though because the controls need some work. The split screen for swiping and tapping is good for the tap to flip, but the swiping simply can't give you the precision you need to get a lot of the trinkets. It is also incredibly frustrating on the normal levels at times. Love it. One thing though.. Shouldn't this be flawless 60fps on nexus 7, HTC one because on both of these devices it's slightly choppy. Nothing major or anything! These graphics can't be stressing the hardware surely? Just wondered what would cause stutter when it looks like it could run smooth on a C64 lol but regardless, dope game! Oh and if we could turn that blur filter off that would be great. Thanks! Super fun, and very challenging. I love how you can explore the entire map. A great game. Awesome The money you pay will be so worth it you will never be bored at all. There is the main game, flip mode, no death mode and even user created levels. Nothing is ever finished in this game. Wow. I highly recommend it. controlling the character is very hard on a touch phone... Needs update to work on Android L / ART (Android RunTime) An indie classic - controls great with touch controls, the alternative control scheme with onscreen directions is perhaps the best to use. VVVVVV is a good platformer game and is also very funny.Give it a try :) IT WILL NOT START!!!!!!!!!!!!!&gt;:( One of the best "hard" games ive ever played.... its like super meat boy meets metroidvania.... simply amazing! I love this game but for some reason it won't open :( Reminds me of good old atari games like Montezuma's Return! Great music and design, controls work well on touchscreen. Please add Bluetooth controller support to complete already superb game. But what are you doing reading the reviews, including this one. Slide your finger up and hit buy. RIGHT NOW! なかなか楽しめたが操作性がちょっとひどくないか。理不尽すぎるところが多々あってうんざりしてしまうこともしばしば。基本的には良いんですが…… Good indie game.  Great adaptation for mobile too! An option to alter touch sensitivity would make this otherwise excellent game a lot more playable. Its so addicting! ;) Excellent soundtrack, clever gameplay and 8-bit graphics. Brilliant. The controls on a touch screen are a bit difficult but I can't see a better implementation. Amazingly entertaining game. I have only gotten to play once since I downloaded It.it won't load.y? Whenever I try to play it just shows a black screen and never starts. I played have this game on steam and I loved it. So I'm more disappointed that I can't play than having wasted money. Tried reinstalling, didn't work. Please fix soon. Have played this game before and enjoyed it. However when I tried it on my Samsung Galaxy Centura it shows a black screen and will not start. I have tried restarting my phone with the same result. Please fix this! Thanks Great game, difficult for me but addictive. Amazing port to Android. Touch controls, great puzzles, a solid story, this platformer has it all. An excellent achievement. A map like SOTN, gameplay annoyance of Megaman... You couldn't ask for more for the price. He's done it again folks! Cavanagh you genius! Spend the small amount of cash for this absolute gem of a game, you won't be disappointed. Excellent port. If you're looking for a challenge then this is your game. Will test your skills to the limit ITS SOOOO HARRRD!!!!!! Simply amazing! Great platformer with a few really hard but very satisfying puzzles Difficult in places but very enjoyable to master. Again. God dammit ._. One of the best platformers ever made. Controls on the touch screen are about as good as one could ask for. Excellent port with a couple little pleasant surprises in the music department, too! So glad Piercing the Sky got some love! a classic This is by far the best game I have ever played on Android. On my very first run through of this game, I managed to die a frustrating 2,000 deaths. Terrible, I know, but it is a ton of fun, and I enjoyed every moment of it. And that sound track is just perfect, had to buy the album separately because the music is addictive. Overall, a 5+ star game. Annoying I once worried about control but was smooth as PC. This game is fun and I love the music! Controls actually work. This game was fun on steam and is just as fun on android. Reminiscent of old speccy games in both look and playability. Been playing it non stop. Another awesome game This is a game that in my eyes, has never gotten boring despite having completed it numerous times in the past. If you have any vague taste for good games, get this now. The transition to mobile and touch controls hasn't stopped this from being a great game, albeit my one single complaint is the oddly blurry graphics, at least on a Nexus 5. This is negligible as can be seen by the five stars above, but it is an issue to take note of. This shouldn't deter you from buying this, however. The best game I have played on my phone hands down. Played it straight thru till I beat it. Something like 1300 deaths. Im horrible at it yet could not look away. Awsome game!  The PC version. Oh the joy I have had with it. I hope the controls don't screw the gameplay on Android. Simple yet difficult platformer, some parts I am reminded of Super Meat Boy,  and the chiptunes rock!  5 Stars! Great port. Works excellently with the touch controls. Great thing! I love this game, I beat super hexagon and now I'm addicted to this. The only reason I'm not giving this a 5 is because the music tracks in my space ship keep disappearing. I'm at 18 trinkets and the game says my next unlock is at 12, I hope this gets fixed soon Addicting gameplay that you would expect from the creator of Super Hexagon! This is one of my favs I Even have it on my 3DS Always was waiting for this game to come out, and when i saw a friend play Super Gravitron I was amazed, "Did they come out with a full version??" I check, lo and behold, the full game is here! I purchase and install, play it, and try to find a control scheme I like, but could not. The controls all seem awkward and hard to use, but thats what i get for playing the PC version for hours. All in All, I give a 5/5. I've already beaten this game multiple times on my computer, yet purchased it on Android to show my love for it. The game plays well on a touchscreen. If Dark Souls was a sci-fi platformer on Atari it would be this Add graphics option, i have an htc one and it's too low res... If the game were at a higher resolution, that'd be great Good controls fun levels, colors, strategy, good for long plays or short breaks simple yet challenging.  Highly recommended 5 stars One of my favorite games of all time, ported well to android. The controls aren't perfect, but are good enough to make it work. Whenever I boot the app, I get either a constant black screen, or it gives me the typical crash message. So hard and addictive it's a must have game When I first played this I had it on my 3DS. It took up too much room so I deleted it :-(, but when I found out it was on play I got it as soon as I could. The game has great music and control options. Overall, it is a great game from a great developer! Definitely one of my favorite games besides Super Mario RPG I'm a great fan of the 80's 8-bit platformers and this is just awesome. It's got that C64 feel written all over it and it's rock hard. Brilliant Lovely jubley..top game by a top developer Easy to play with only 2 controls awesome game. Love games that you could pick up and play for a few seconds, minutes, or hours. So hard but I'm on my second playthrough already. Love this game. Though I am horrible at it, it has to be my favourite game on the play store right now. 100% Worth the money. I had played this on PC, but I couldn't beat this game. so I will challenge once more on Android now! Yay!!!! This is one of the best games ever. Good graphics, awesome soundtrack, superb level design and it even has a nice story. It is just a wonderful game in every aspect. And it works great with the touch controls. You just have to switch between controls depending on the room, some rooms work better with one control type than the others. All in all: Two thumbs up! It's a bit tough to be precise with the controls, but overall it works great. Please add Google Play Services. I want to sync my saves :D This game is amazing. You can play for 10 seconds or 10 hours. Controls are perfect. I wasn't able to quit the game though. My back, home, and recent buttons weren't accessible. Only way to leave is to click on "more games"? I hadn't played VVVVVV before it's Android release so I just kinda bought it on a whim when it was released. I'm glad I did. Beautiful game with unique mechanics and a great visual style that evokes memories of classic 80s DOS games. Also, it's brutally hard at some places. Highly recommended! I love this guy But its controls could have been ported better... I do have a bug to report though. My alarm just went off while playing it and when I turned the alarm off, the game continued to run, but the screen was entirely black. The level I was on was driller Anything by Terry Cavanagh is wonderful, and this is an awesome port! Just as much fun as playing on the pc. Maybe even better. One of my favorite games, glad to see it ported to mobile! The controls work a lot better than I expected. This game is very challenging,  but not impossible.  I like how it has a story line and it has a open world field to it.  It kind of reminds me of the old Zelda games for the nes,  but with a  platforming / puzzle element.  Great game,  I could spend hours playing it. This is how you make a platformer. One of the best games I've played this year or any year.This is next to perfect. If you're thinking about buying this one what are you still waiting for? This is a must have. One of my favorite indie games that I've played. Touch controls are responsive (and there isn't a virtual joystick blocking what you're doing!) and it's an overall great port. Would be nice if the game supported widescreen and wasn't just letterbox, however. I have now purchased this game fully five times, through various channels, and yet every time I 100% it. I unreservedly recommend this game to everyone. You're the best terry! The game plays super well but on my nexus 5 the menus are letterboxed and the textures are SUPER low res. Instant Classic VVVVV is an amazing game with challenging gameplay. To be honest, all of Terry's games are pretty wonderful, and will probably be loved by anyone who enjoys overcoming difficulty with mechanical ability. Plays good with good touch controls. Loving it! Original and engrossing.  Now on my phone, pretty cool!  Lot's o' fun , treat yourself.   Just don't take any frustrations out on your phone (It's not easy but that's part of what makes it great).  Well worth the low price point. Where's my refund????? Won't work on Androids Dont buy. Requires a dependancy (Adobe Air) that's not in the package. I tried to download it and install it before I requested my refund what was available did not work on my phone nor was it from Adobe it was a third-party app... and didn't run as well then I requested the refund. Love.love.love!!!!!!!!! paid for this game have it installed and then you have to have Adobe air and play school doesn't have it so I can't play the game I haven't gotten a refund yet maybe I should ask I wanted my refund back I love this app itsnso close to orihinal Cleo doesn't work on my phone either and there should be a place to request a refund or exchange for another game this is bs and no developer email or contact does not work on my phone... refund please!!! Could be a lot better. Not worth purchasing . I love this game so much that I Paid for it.... Now after all this time iT DOESNT WORK ,!!!! HELP !!!! This is the the first app I've totally been unhappy with and I paid for it. I want my money credited back to my card. It won't play most of the time.  My favorite game in Vegas but this one does not respond to touch most of the time. Very unhappy especially since I had to pay for it. After I downloaded the game it wouldn't let me play it. I  want my money back! I loooove Cleopatra Keno. I'm addicted at the casino, and now I'm enjoying it on my phone. Didn't keep my points, not what I expected at all. I would like my money back. You can have the stupid game. Please fix the glitches The game had horrible glitches. Won't give me my points in the bonus round doesn't even work and I had to pay for this. very disappointed The last 3 times playing bonus rounds, I haven't been credited my winnings. Also, it would be nice to have my winnings saved for the next time I pkay instead of having to start over again. I felt like I was living in the dark ages of gaming! No sounds, no full screen, poor graphics. Felt like  no one took their time putting this game together, just thrown in standard, minimum settings and sent it out. Try the other cleopatra keno and you will definitely see and hear the difference. A waste of money. I want a refund! Love it I love everything about this keno except for one thing. Everytime u quit it wont save the game. If you fix that where it will save your game i will give you 5 stars because it is well worth 5 stars and please fix the bugs becuz sometimes u win and dont get payed for it Not.good at all Installed but it doesn't work O fun way to kill time Just installed and looks just like the real thing. You need AIR installed on your Android. Man i love CV even short Way more fun than I thought it was gonna b It's a very fun game I like it a lot 😁 Never thought I would see this game ported. Thank you. Dont waste your 80Rs on this game.I bought it in sale at 0Rs .It gets over in 15 minutes.Game is nice but dont waste your money. I dont know want to say what but, good works ^-^ hope we can see more stuffs from ya !!! ^-^ Super I never played this on website... But it was so beautiful with a short story. The game was short, maybe half an hour gameplay. But really good game. I play this around 15 yrs ago man this made feel so old hope that this is a compilation of all the clear visions. It's good you will learn how to decrease people in the world Yo this game goated No next? I realy enjoyed the game. But the story in this game very small. But the story is very meaningfull. I liked the game very much. This was a blast to the past I loved this game and I very glad I got to play it again Thanks dan love these old games and wow you did it at 17 ? really cool! Continue making stickman games especially something like puffballs united -syparmusic I was shocked, at first I thought it was fake but after playing whoaa damnn. Thank you so much I had such a great time. Gotta love the good old flash nostalgia. Can't thank you enough for making this mobile!! One of the most classic sniper games! Simple and fun! I remember playing these years ago, they are still solid little bits of games. Although it feels a bit strange to pay for something that is free on pc.. Incredible, I played most of these games back in 2007 on the school computers and loved them. Im so glad I can share this with people again! I played these game on browser back when I was a kid and I really love it, for some reason I really want to play it again today but I forgot that Flash is already close down, and I found out about your condition, I purchase this as a appreciation and support, I don't mind the Ads if its helping you <3 I have been playing these games for over 10 years and I'm so grateful for you and the amusement you have provided all of us. God bless you from Texas!^-^ Delightful Excellent It doesn't even work not even worth it Love the games but can't believe I payed and still have to put up with ads... Not really invasive ads but still... Either you have ads or you charge people... Not both! It is amazing. They have ported incredibly well to mobile. Love this guy's design and execution YES! Heccin love these games. I used to play them all the time as a kid and even though that was years ago I still heccin love them! Simple yet challenging, this game is so much fun. I played these on my computer years ago as a teenager, they bought me a strange kind of comfort. So glad I can actually purchase this to say thank you (even though such a small amount). A really fun and frustrating game, ideal for all ages. Fun puzzle games! Took me a few tries to solve the puzzles, but it is fun to find out the different possibilities! Nostalgic! Paid just to get a game in a tiny portion of the screen & full of adverts taking 1/3 of the screen. Not many grow games in this pack either & no updates. I paid for this and stiff get ads? How about make its free and some ads Why did I pay money for ads? The games are as fun as before, but the screen isnt filled out completely just so the ads can fit there better. Where's the updates Hasn't been updated in years, unoptimized for current android OS versions, game runs in a fraction of the screen space, and advertisements all over the place, in spite of paying money to download the app. It's abandoned, don't waste your money. Greate app and great developers. Would buy it for $100 if it meant more games like these. I Always loved all these Grow Games Brilliant games Please make more, I love this so much Honestly, 100yen is too cheap for this wholesome package of nostalgic fun. You deserve more! Your game entertained me since years ago, and now will be for a long time. Thank you very much for your dedication and creativity. These game are and will always be my childhood- I just wish more of them were on here. Brilliant series I used to play for free on the computer while at work with nothing to do. Now, I finally can buy the bundle explicitly to support the lone guy who developed this entire highly engaging series. I will play these on my phone with my girlfriend from time to time, but I literally got my money's worth years ago before I had a cell phone. if i pay for an app i expect no ads, why not just make the price a bit higher and remove ads Yes! These are THE PREMIERE puzzle games way ahead of their time. Glad to see them again Lovely puzzles Worth it thank you for your amazing gamez ps neighbors is ossom! A trip down memory lane. Great puzzles I remember these puzzles since around 2005. Remember sending email with the link to the website to all my colleagues - and how that stopped all work for the whole day LMAO good we were employees in a creative digital agency, so playing these games could be at least SOMEWHAT reasoned 🤣🤣 These little tricky puzzles are THE most inventive ones with really unexpected endings. They have consistent logic - but it's quite unclear at first, making gameplay a trippy experience. These are true GEMS 🍄 Hands down the most unique and creative puzzle that ever exist. Get the set, support the game dev! Game from other times feels good to be still able to play this on my phone With ADs.. Great puzzle game with many different gameplay types. Really rewarding when you complete a level! I've been playing these games since dial up internet times! I absolutely love them! Can't wait to see grow island on here! For anyone reading this, on the latest version of Android almost all of the other grow games don't work except for Cube and Cinderella. I'm happy to report that with this pack, every game included here works for the latest version of Android. So grab this pack, and Grow Cinderella, and I think you pretty much have them all. That alone is worth the $1. If the author is reading this, I would recommend updating your other games so that they are compatible with the latest versions of Android. Enjoyable! What i love most about this pack is, every time you play, it is like playing it for the first time, ever time. Engaging and entertaining. Even though they are free by themselves i paid for the pack. I would love to see more of these from your site in playstore. I would gladly pay for other packs. Love this game Lovely, super nostalgic Please add the option to remove ads. Thanks! Ads? Meh, ok. You could add an option inside it so you could remove ads (same price as game) but no big deal. I only bought this game because I loved grow when I was a kid! It's fun and they changed some of the mini games. The globe one is like an RPG now it's nice they don't have the same formulas as before. Played these online ages ago. Was a nice bit of nostalgia I've always loved these games, and I'm glad to be able to play them on my phone. Love these games, played them when I was younger and they're just as good now as they were back then I love the animations is a fun game that really makes you think. I recommend it! Happy to support! I very much enjoy playing Eyezmaze Grow games, and love the imagination and creativity they inspire. Keep up the great work!!! As for anyone else who has enjoyed these games, I would encourage you to support them as well. By the way, I'm still waiting to see volume 2 in the play store. Could be better they didnt use the best of the games makes me feel like imma have to wait till vol. 6 b4 it even gets good I love all of these games so much I played since I was 10 then I bought it and I disappointed that I paid for ads all time Amazing Indie franchise I played these games since I was 12. I'm officially happy to revive the experience once again and to support your work and health, I decided to buy this game. The game is totally superb but please six the resolution, mobiles don't use the same resolution like 3 years ago. I'm expecting vol. 2 to be a great game! May God bless you, buddy. Keep up the great work! The ads that some people are complaining about is literally just a thin banner along the bottom of the screen, not even noticeable. Includes grow park and my favorite, grow rpg 🙂 ads in a paid application should not be a thing. It's sad since the games are really fun and cute. I have been in love with these games for I think 12-15 years. I'm now in my 30s and I still cant stop. I think I first discovered these games on albinoblacksheep and have been a dutiful fan ever since. I'm proud to purchase and support anything you put out. Just waiting for Dwarf for Android! ;) I don't need ad because I paid for it already Grow games are so fun. Now, i dont even need to install anymore, since its all on one pack! I really enjoy grow games, keep up the good work! I used to play this in as a 10 year old, over a decade later and still love them i remember playing these games on browser all the time as a kid! so glad i can have them all on my phone now! Really disappointed bought it to support the developers and feel some nostalgia but was very dissatisfied seeing the ads. I'm glad Eyemaze got into the app market. I would (and did) pay 99 cents for this app. The Grow games are not only stimulating, challenging, and highly adorable, but very nostalgic. I remember the first time my Father showed me Grow Cube, and how enthralled I became with not only finishing that one, but all the other ones as well. The beauty behind each choice chosen, the adorable yet uplifting music, and the sheer memory of these games make them enjoyable at LITERALLY any age. Thank you Eyemaze. Excellent collection of classic games. Awesome Ads in a paid game?? I am quite disappointed :( Love these games, I brought it mostly to support the developer. As a thank you I guess. Fond memory of childhood! ads in a paid game? no. I'm disappointed. These games are wonderfully weird and cute. They're nostalgic for me because I used to play these games a lot as a kid. I'm glad to show my support! Awesome app! I have always loved these fun, outside-the-box games; Now I can play them on my phone! It's worth buying the pack, you have all the games in one place instead of a bunch of icons. As for the complaints about the ads, they are not intrusive at all. Just a very small banner at the bottom. I personally don't even notice it, and it helps out one of my favorite developers. awsome I had all the apps (which are free), but I bought this to support the developer. I now regret it, as I am very disappointed to see ads in a paid game. This would easily be a 4, probably 5, star review bar that. I would have happily paid 50p-£1 more for an ad-free experience. Gutted. I can't wait for Vol. 2!! These were some of my favorite browser games growing up. Great job I've always loved these games, and I was very excited to get this app. However the fact that there are unavoidable ads at the bottom of the screen constantly in a paid app is absolutely unacceptable. I will change this to a five star review if the ads are removed. Just Awesome A classic collection of pleasing games to play. Don't skip this collection. I've enjoyed theses games since I was a kid! Ads on a paid game? Boo Developers plz add grow maze I have allways enjoyed all of the grow games and now I can get them in one place!!! keep it up. great games. big fan! Paid 9,- nok for this game. Contained ads... One star because I paid for it yet it still has ads. Not a cool practice AT ALL Great fun, look forward to more :) Loved these on the PC. Loving them again. Great games, but adverts on a paid app? Ridiculous. You pay money and still get ads.. Why put ads in a paid app? Simple, elegant, fun. Grow series have always been fun, but ads in a paid game puts me off this  completely. Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant and a great price. Very addictive with no  ad intrusion. Great games hope they make more Great, fun, simple games that make you think and rewards exploration and  thinking outside the box. Unfortunately still has ads, but still easily  worth it, just for supporting the creator. Also like how it takes up less  space in the app-drawer. Loved all the grow flash games back in the day, glad to see the tradition  continues to the mobile platform for a new generation to enjoy! These games are the best.  Simple, but creative and fun! So relaxed Very interesting. Spent lots of time on it! Fantastic!!!!!!!! It recall my past memories when i playing it on PC and now appear on  Android. The series has been around ages. To have it on my mobile fills me with joy. Loved playing as a kid too. I really like how all the games in this bundle is free but they charge a dollar for ease if access. So you really don't have to pay if you don't want to and they're okay with that. This is NOT ad free, paid version is just our way of thanking the creator. Read the description next time, ads are included. I'm kind of disappointed that there's not more of the flash games that were previously on Eyezmaze. For instance, Grow Maze, Grow Island, and Grow Cannon are three such games that were on the website, but aren't on the app. I hope that the developer adds the remaining games in soon. One of my favorite flash game series when I was a kid. I love it and bought the pack just to support the dev. I hope he makes more. Not sure why it still has ads even though it's a paid for app. WHY IS THERE ADS? I PAID FOR THIS. I never get tired of playing these games. The pack is worth much more than the dev. Is asking. Gladly donating. I really like this it's hard to figure out the right orders but keeps you entertained. I just reeeaally wish Grow Island was on this I can't believe I just found this! I spent many wonderful hours playing and replaying your games in the early 2000s! They were and are one of my all time favorite things. Thank you! Amazing game and love the series I have loved this series for years.  I've played most of these before but appreciate them all so much I went ahead and paid for the set. This is switch material! great game collection. things haven't changed at all. worth the dollar I tought Bought it to support such an amazing creator, keep at it!! Loved your games from the beginning and can't wait to see what else you make for us :) It doesn't include the original Grow, the reason I bought it! Still a great set of games though! Design si mignon et créatif, et un régal à explorer, avec souvent un message pas si naïf à la clé. Génial ! Still play PC version time to time, Eyezmaze are fun & unique puzzlers. The dev is just one guy, an indie who is honest and genuinely wants to create fun games for his fans. All these puzzles, no permissions and only $0.99? This one is worth supporting. I've been playing these games since the first one went viral. This brings back such a strong nostalgia kick for me. Thank you for releasing these... I've actually searched for them several times on the playstore and was always disappointed that you hadn't put them up. Put up the next pack whenever you can... I know I will buy it. You've always done great work, thank you! I grew up playing these little games, so I'm all for supporting the maker of these. Neat A collection of the free games that eyemaze is famous for. I bought the pack to have all the apps together in one place and to support a great person who has allowed myself and my family hours of enjoyment playing the games. The best thing I love about the games is even if you 'fail' you still learn. You experienced a different ending. A fantastic series of games that have transported very well to the touch screen. Ads in a paid app.  Not cool.  I'm just happy I opened it in time to refund my money. Really fun and time consuming Brilliant, takes me back a bit to when I was younger and playing these games on PC All the games in this pack are all ready free on the app store so it's worth anything DON'T PAY FOR THIS APP Growing up with these games used to check it every year on the website, finally have the money to support! Love it! I remember playing these games as flash game back in the day. Now I get to play all of them in my phone. Best puzzle games ever. I bought it because the creator deserves it. Love the grow games. Didn't want some of what's in the pack, but wanted to support the developer, so bought it. Have loved these since the first one for windows years ago. So much nostalgia, please make vol.2 5 stars for the game, 1 star for the ads in a game I paid for... This would be 5 stars except there are ads in a paid app. I was happy to pay and would pay more if there weren't ads. This is a basic expectation of paying for apps. If the ads go away, I'd happily revise my rating. I don'y usually buy games, but for the series that has given me such joy in my life, i couldn't resist. I'm in love with the grow games and couldn't gush enough about how GREAT THEY ARE AND HOW AMAZINGLY INTUITIVE THE PPL AT EYE MAZE ARE! I first played one like... what has to be 10 years ago at least cuz it was b4 I had kids. I can't tell you just how excited I was when I found they we on androids not Ios devices. I've bought on systems to contribute. Especially since u not only awesome but I don't know a single company that offers full free versions but asks to support if like the games. That's just amazing! I'd buy a lot more full version of games if they were like that. You guys ♾rock!!!!🎸🎶🎤 keep the games coming♾!  🕹🎮🤗🤗🤗😆😆😆 I've loved these games for years. I can't not pay for this. Deserve every penny. ❤ Remove ads please It physically and figuratively HURTS not to give this a full 5 stars in all categories. THE ONE thing preventing it and causing my pain is the ads, Eyezmaze, I know this is your hobby, but ffs this is a paid app, you moron, paid=no ads Best game ever Why are there ads on a paid app...? I regret nothing!!! Im so happy !!! Ads in a paid app earns 1 star from me. I love it!! The logics, the animations, everything! The games are so intrinsic and cute that the trial and error process may never be frustrating I've been a huge fan for what might be over a decade at this point. Lovely, charming games with cute animations and some unexpected surprises - it's clear that a lot of effort and consideration went into every part of each one. $1 is cheap to support this kind of development. I would gladly have paid more. What Dr. Peppi I used to play these games in a browser back in college. It is suprising to see how well they work on mobile devices after all these years. The mechanics are simple, but the puzzles are great and the design is amazing. I sure hope to see more puzzles in the future! Why the hell are there still advertisements for a paid game!!! Get rid of them if I'm paying money please. Good set of games, but whys ads in paid version Long time follower of your series, I love all of them. There are ads in the bottom of the screen, however it does not interfere with the game and doesn't bother,just worth nothing since this is a paid app. Grow box is the first one I tried when I was in college, and I fell in love with it immediately. Seriously, my top 2 game developers are Nintendo and eyezmaze, yeah it's just that good. These are lovely little puzzle games with adorable animations and a lot of heart. I hope you make more. worth a millions These games are really nostalgic, but have also aged really well. They seem really at home on mobile devices. I decided to pay for the pack in spite of having downloaded most of the games myself to give back for all the wonderful times I had when I was younger and am having now. If there's one downside, the in app ads are a little annoying. If a GROW pack volume 2 were to be made I'd be happy to pay a few more dollars for no ads. I got a friend hooked on Grow Cube she just downloaded it lol Glad there is now a mobile port. It seams this is where flash games have evolved too You have been creating such fun FREE games for years.  This $1 is just my small token of appreciation. It deserves more than just 5000 downloads. I used to play these on IE way back in the day. Endless hours of fun!!! Classic! These grow games are so charming. Loved playing them on the web ages ago. Happy to support the developer Thanks for bringing my childhood back Used to play those online I didn't know they're available on mobile! Love all od them! But ADS are still displayed... Make a Vol. 2 series! I absolutely love the grow series! They are fantastic, clever, and a great way to pass the time. Please continue making them! Contains ads I love these games but it won't install though i have one of the single ones. I'd like a refund because it just won't install even though i have 17gb of space and full internet connection. Will give 5 star if I can pay 4.99 to remove ads. Was a fan of the flash games now chuffed to see them on Android. For a game a I bought there shouldnt be ads. Utter bullshit Glad to see it back in mobile form It's fun to figure out relationship between the components and how they affect each other. I played these as a kid and they are awesome would love to see more Loved these games since they came out. Totally happy to give a dollar to support Eyezmaze! Glad to support you, I've played your games online for free for years 👍 These games are such a huge part of my child hood Nostalgia I loved this game and so happy it's on mobile now Git gud. So generous for this only being one dollar, everyone should play this. This is a great combo if great games. However, there shouldn't be ads in a paid app. Will adjust rating if they are removed. Realy enjoyed all the games. A fantastic time killer! But for the love of everything that is holy, get rid of those ads. This is a paid app, not a free one. Double the price if you have to, I don't care. Ads don't belong here. Bought this before realising that I already had all of the apps from it installed but I'm happy to support On in any way I can, EYEZMAZE games have always been wonderful and finished to such a high standard and I'm very pleased that more of them are becoming available on mobile devices. I can only hope that Chronon and Grow Version 1 will someday be released for android! This paid app is annoying because there are still ads on it and it keeps crashing. Please continue making fun and amazing games. Very fun games One of the most under rated game series ever created. Also the two people who did not give 5 stars, get outta here. I can't believe I found your app. It's been so long since I played the GROW series :) I do not expect ads in a game I paid for. I love the Grow series of games though. I love and support everything about grow and have for years. You just made me really really happy! So glad to still see you working on stuff and love all your games. All I want is the tower one as well! Used to play all the time when I was younger. It will quite literally be the best 0.99 you've ever spent. Loved the flash versions and love to have them on my phone now. Can't wait to share with my friends. This game pack deserves a 5 star rating, the games are excellent and worth quite a bit more than the $1 charged. However, the ads at the bottom are annoying, I feel like I might accidentally touch them and be taken out of my game, and are quite unexpected in an app I have paid for. Will adjust rating if ads are removed. Love the series, really great. But please, remove the ads. Haven't played these in so long, now I can take them on the go! 😀 Played all and love them Made my day. ติดตาม Series เกมส์นี้มานานมาก...แต่ก็ไม่อยากโหลดไว้หลายแอป นี่เป็นโอกาสดีที่รวมไว้ในที่แอปเดียว ขอบคุณสำหรับเกมส์ดีๆ กราฟฟิคน่ารักๆ จะติดตามตลอดไป, I'm your fan 😘 ปกติไม่เคยดาวน์โหลดที่ต้องเสียตังค์เลย เกมส์นี้เป็นหนี่งใน 2-3 เกมส์ที่ซื้อโดยไม่ลังเล A couple of cute puzzles but I have 1 request. Could you put a little checkmark on the ones we've completed? The intricacy and craftsmanship that has gone into these games over the past decade is fascinating.  GROW games have been a staple of the internet that is unrivaled in staying power and uniqueness.  These games are a pleasure worth far more than the asking price.  (For those who are really strapped, the games are also available for free on the web.) I love the fact that you created so many possibilities in each of these games. Well done,  I support the developer. Been playing these games for years and sharing them with people hope to see some new games on your real Web site soon Fun and Simple, I like your games and hope that you can make more of these fun and amusing puzzles What's a fun game I love it so much So much fun I wish you could customise boys Just like Ever After High And I love that you can make stories🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗 Really nice, I could really use some of this to give me reference and ideas of designs but it would be nice if the everything are easier to press Its vary fun i love to custom my characters but can you make it so you can custom boys too? Anyway you can put ears and you put a tail on your characters. After you finish you characters you can put a background. I like this game very much you should add male characters too and every time I try to edit or pose my character, she disappears It's good but one thing it's kinda a ripoff of ever after high but other than. That's it's really good nice variety too How Cuute~❤ This is sooo cool :O I LOVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVE IT (its fun and creative) also its super cool Very good game so i have a request can you please make a guy version of this pls it's my request By far the best dress up game i've ever played and the price is also cheap for a quality game. So yeah. I love this app so much. I has an array of colors that not alot of dress up apps has. I love this and how to create own people! Good Please make more best game ever This is a very well-designed dressup game. Good work to DollDivine and her team! I love this game I LOVE THIS Please add more to the app please This doll maker is very cute and I love the various styles you can choose. However, some critiques would be that the scrolling color/ clothes function can be annoying to click. The feature will keep scrolling when you try selecting and it results you spending a minute or two trying to get the aesthetic you want. When you save the image, the quality reduces a bit as the images gets pixelated (very noticeable when it saves at 1080×1800px). Outside that, could you guys make a guy version? There is a bug in the scene making part? If I tap a doll to edit her again, the app just deletes her instead. Very frustrating if you've spent ages designing the doll Apart from that issue, I really enjoy the app and use it a lot. It's a good idea of a game but poor controls make it unplayable 🙄 overall did not enjoy this game i love making next future gen kids with this app I love this app! In my opinion it was totally worth 1 dollar. The only thing that would be a little nicer is if you could pose them differently and add in some of the newer clothing, but other than that it is perfect for making OCs has alot but needs more. still missing certain hairstyles from the newer shows. Fairy Tale High scores high on the fact that it has the one of the widest ranges of skin tones and hair styles I've seen in any dress up game (and no, I'm not talking about having colors like neons and/or pastels). So many options to create fun fantasy characters. The game is wonderful. It has many options and the art is beautiful. Sadly the phone version does not have the option to save high quality photos like the browser version. Not worth paying for just for this reason. Just use the browser version. The app is fun and great for creating ocs. This doll is really well made with an amazing hair selection, versatile fashion and beautiful backgrounds. The glow effect at the end is very cool. it can be a little difficult choose colors. 🙁 Love this. Brings back my love of the franchise. Absolutely lovely art and works a treat. It's great to have this on the go! Idk My Account Was Hacked When The Hacker Made This Purchase It Looked Like Some 11 Year Old Got Onto My Account They Had Said Something About Adobe Flash Love the game... I love all the games i really hope 2021 brings something NEW!! Best papa's game ever and easiest to play This game has been my all time favorite in the Papa's game series. However, my only complaint is that the building station is too difficult. It's nearly impossible to get a perfect score on. Love this game!!! Please make a barista or coffee shop version I know it would be so awesome!! Great app! Please make one for the When Sundaes Attack game! Bug! Lag on the sriped seasonal sauces. It swirls on but on the last loop it lags horribly. All the other sauces work fine. Love the game, all of them are worth five stars, but I worry this bug will crash the game or lock up my tablet. Side Note: It would be nice to have more customers per day. Maybe a lunch rush mode or something. super fun :D It may cost money, but it is DEFINITELY worth it. There is never nothing to do, and works offline. It also doesn't have adds, so I highly recomend that you buy this game! Yay i love this BEST GAME EVER So addicting I loved the game for the the being, but soon uninstalled it as it just becomes the same after the first year. Maybe add some more things to it. I liked it just wouldn't buy another bakeria type game Fun Where fun The decoration part was too hard to score compared to Papa's donuteria. But, overall the game is good and fun to kill time with. The best game of this kind I love Flipline studios game It was making me hungry for pie you should make more games like an ice cream or a cafe The top station is fully automatic! It's just tap one button, or tap a couple of times to place the toppings and send the order! Awesome 🦄🦄🦄😄😄😄🥰🥰 Right now its really great but when i collect the tips it does not appear please fix ASAP. I like it but when it comes to the picky closure customers I do it exactly how they want it and I still get a bad rating from them Love this game, it has cute visuals, and simple yet fun gameplay that doesn't get boring. However, there is a bug when applying toppings to your food. Sometimes when dragging the slider up or down it will move in a 35° angle to the left or right. So fun Love it It's preety gud :D HELLA SMOOTH It a good game to play My daughter loves this game so much! It is the perfect game for a 5-11 year old to play! This game is one of my daughter's favorite games ever, she really recommends it. This game is so awesome! My favorite part of the game is their music, it's calming and relaxing. :-) Similar to the computer style. HOWEVER the controls are not the same, which makes the game less appealing. Might as well carry a touchscreen laptop with you to have the full/easiest experience. Awesome app love it I love this game! I love the different fillings, toppings, and the holidays. I love everything about this game, and I would recommend this game to anyone. A great game Piece of PIE!!!! I love this game thank God i got this on mobile in my pc it was so hard to control cause i usually use my phone i rarely use my pc but this app is just amazing! Great game! At first the game is good but then it gets boring 😴 but that is like every game right? PLEASE make pastaria available for phone apps then everything will be complete 💙 Papa's Bakeria to go is an amazing game, like all of the fellow games by flipline. It is quite a miracle but my only thing against it is that over time, the game becomes too easy due to the fact that a element in the build station was removed. Customers will only order numbers of eight toppings instead of the mixed amount of numbers the first release on PC had. It wouldn't hurt to change the topping placement to drag and drop, so why not change it? Apart from that, amazing game! Well done. Fun game Wonderful cooking game ! But Im rating it 3 stars for now because I changed my mobile phone and starting over again from level 1 . 😭 Please make a connection through social media apps or google accts where we can save our progress from this game. Thank you . Please consider 🙏🙏🙏 perfect. I love this game! Totally one of my favorites, it's a 5 star game, I'm only giving 4 stars because I feel we should be able to make a "Papa's Friends" account online with email address/fb something, use it to log into all games (ESPECIALLY MOBILE GAMES!!) and it will save and move our game data when we switch phones. I own every mobile game, and have played these games forever online. I just want to be able to move my game data when I get a new phone. Please work on this!! You won't regret it!! It is a good game its one of my favorites but when i used the X flavoured stuff it would lag als the lolly pop drizzle otherways nice Like the app!!! I'm at Rank 94 now! I like a lot this game but you should fix the bug of the random scores in the building station (PS sorry if it's not a bug and I'm just not good at it) Well I love flipeline studios papa's games I would love them even more if I could transfer game data.i was like rank 15 i think... I had no need for it until recently my phones screen is all black and now I cant use it😥😥 so until I am able to get a new one I'm using someone else's phone to play if i could transfer my game data i would be glad to give 5 stars... But over all awesome mobile games 😀😀 I love it but I wish there was a Papas Pastaria Amazing 5 stars more like 5 million love this and would never delete this! Pie I have played the papa's games on the PC since they came out and have purchased most of the mobile games as well. I would give it 5 stars but the mechanics of the struesel and meringue toppings make it hard to get accurate coverage. Fix that and I'll change to 5 gladly! Entretenido Not as great as the hd one but good Exactly what a mobile version of the browser game should be like. Work on the pies systematically and it's very pleasing to my senses. The decorating stage is slightly difficult to get 100% but try slightly different portions of the pie to get that perfect! Otherwise, not challenging enough for me and not too much to upgrade/change. Maybe have pie requests/contests/etc.? It is a nice, fun way to spend time. The only gripe I have is that it is too hard to know when I am in the right spot in the topping station. It would be great if you at some point add a guide for purchase in the store. 😎EPIC😎 I've been playing flipline games since I was a kid and I still love it. But when will you guys add the pastaria, sushiria and jack smith on mobile? So fun the songs SO GOOD i want to give this 10/10 I love this game because I can make pie and I love pie even though I never tried it before and it can be challenging when you get to the closer's but this pie making game is the best 😍😍😍🥧🥧🥧 Horrible, This app took like 10 minutes downloading, and the. After it downloaded it was lagging alot, The controls are trash and so is the graphics. Love this Papa's cooking games All good now. Great game, but I changed my phone and even though it's the same gmail account, it doesn't show my saved slot. I was pretty far ahead and it pisses me off that if I'll play again, I have to start from zero... I love the papa games and this one is great too. Doing the toppings is a little bit confusing with the rings, sometimes I'm not sure where to exactly line it up to get the best score. I hope sushiria is the next mobile game The first 3 days I played it I GOT INSANELY ADDICTED I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH Good game. After a week I'm bored Papa's games are great! Not exactly challenging but fun and a good way to pass time. IAP are totally optional and do not effect gameplay, especially in this series of games you will only do IAP if you are impatient. Keep these games coming guys! Its thebest Relaxing game. Dosent require multi-tasking. Only suggestion is to slow down mini games. They play too fast/don't give enough time. It was a great game. I uninstalled it on accident, a few hours later I couldn't install it again. Wasted 2 dollars Fun for 5 minutes then becomes increasingly repetitive. IAPs in a premium app is sheer greed from the developers. I'm asking for a refund, definitely not worth £1.79, for what's basically a paid-for browser game. The game has some chunks of the filling missing. It's better if it had guides for the pie because it is hard to tell what is the middle of each section. Sometimes the topping station will give me a random number and i did it right. Can you please fix it. Love it playing it now Fun The controls, gameplay, and graphics are pretty good! The Build Station is my favorite part and it's very satisfying to watch the syrup moving around the pie! ❤ I love it Best Papa's game got ported perfectly to mobile! This game is gonna be my life for the next month or so. I love the game!! Great game! I have been with flipline for years and this mobile game is amazing! Few complaints first you can take the costumers order before the even enter the bakery second the building score is a tad bit weird its very hard to ace it. Still a great game tho!! So mega frikin awesome This game is sooo fun! Better than most apps out nowadays! Love it , reallyfun to play 😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃 Patrick is the first in papa's sushiria to go. fun I have all the gamerias installed. I really enjoy the gameplay and all the different ideas My Granddaughter wanted me to get this game. She loves playing it. I too, have played the game and I found it to be challenging. Simple graphics and sounds but you can enjoy the game. I bought the game, so there isn't any pay to win motive to play. I gave the "pig" his Triple burger, with 9 patties! The Hog loved it!😂 Fun and a good game for 2012 Amazing game wish there was more stuff to unlock I just uninstalled it because I got all of the upgrades and it got boring and now it won't give me my refund Edited: it's been a couple days and it won't when let me click refund Awesome game, wish there was holidays and specials you can unlock throughout the game. The upgrades to Burgeria, Freezeria I wish had the holidays and specials, that would make the games a bit better BEST GAME EVER Wonderful I keep making Papa's burgers and it still can't find "The End"lol. Love the  game but you know...closure. A challenging, fun game. It's a shame the Blender Ball bonus game bugs out  if the ball misses though. I LOVE IT !!!! I love flipline studios I have all the games it is so much fun Need to be able too custom character or at least your name so you dont get games confused Ok, It starts off fun for the first 2 weeks you have it but the better you get, the more boring the game becomes. Once you unlock everything there is, why should you play anymore? Good When i pause the game it freezes and when i play some minigames it glitches but please fix the game. When I bought the game I was ecpecting to get different choices of what the girl character looked like. Im not meaning to be racist but I dont like that characters look since I didnt have a choice on what she looked like. I wanted it to look like me but I guess not all the Papas games have that choice. No offence is meant by this comment. This game is awesome but you all should really add jacksmith to mobile devices Yeah  it was  alright Dumb I Love The Papa Series, even All Of Them! Great game but needs cloud save It just gets boring because after a while, u dont get anymore topings of new stuff Good like the one on PC but they should put the custom character mode then I will rate it a 5 star. Why is it when you pause the game open windows where you have apps then come back the game become unplayable It's really but put on papa's hotdoggria please I hated it because I couldnt see anything Good game I totally recommend  it for children 10 and under or whatever Its a good way to waste your time :) Cool Just that the up date is cool... Great game I love this game thank yufrmcing it! I love it so much and I will be happy for the rest of my life! Love it I have played this on my brothers iPad and loved it, so, glad I can play on my tablet! No complains!😉😉 Sup walsh the, which I think it was the only thing you should know. Thanks to all my heart and mind that I can get it, I have been the case, you are a lot more to do it for you, I have been Add more of the games from the computer First of all, I DIDN'T GET A REFUND I AM NEVER,EVER GETING A PAPA GAME AGAIN!!! SECOND OF ALL, SUUPER LAGGY!!!!!!!!!!! IM MAD!!!!!😬😬😬😡😡😡😠😠😠😤😤😤😞😞😞😾😾😾😈😈😈😭😭😭😫😫😫👹👹👹👺👺👺👿👿👿 I WISH I NEVER EVEN EVER DOWNLOADED THAT GAME RIP OF PLZ GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK AND ILL CHANGE ALL OF THIS.😠😠😠😠😠😬😬😬😬😬😡😡😡😡😡😣😣😣😣😣😤😤😤😤😤 Love this game but need more item on the meal Great game It is gooooooooooooodddcdfddcdf This is one of my preferred games. I'm glad I can play it on my tablet. It is great for ADHD practicing time management skills. I wish Papa's Hotdoggeria was available for android. Other hotdog games are lame. After I unstoled the app it didn't give me a refund!!!😭 Love it Its a brilliant game most tablets and phones don't have them on website only PC but you pay no more 3.00 and from 0.70 it keeps u happy and all the games like pizzerias, wingera ,frezzerion its worth paying Great game It is worth the money  it is my favorite game Love it, and addictive Awsome Dono I love it its so fun I recommend u buy it is so much fun Can you make a papa"s pancakeria for free? That's my fave papas cooking game ☺ Great So. Much fun to play but needs more items for create ur own person Could we please have more ingredents plese but the game os fun but needs update Amazing game  lovley ××××××××××××××××××××××I love it  one of my favourite games , love it!, but could you please bring out papas taco mia, thankyou. Love it I can play Papa's Burgeria on my tablet! But sometimes it crashes... Fun game. Really fun! I can play whenever I want, it doesn't take long at all to load. Great app! Love this game ... really addictive . It does not drain your battery that much . Good visuals . It does not need internet , hence you can play it in non- Wi-Fi zones. Worth installing . I installed it in my tab because I cannot take my computer everywhere to play that game for free . Thanks for reading I need a refund I still wike it:p Nice Its not worth money at all i want my money back Its so fun!!! Its not bad but I prefer freezeria if you  Like game sorry for saying it is below avrage it is a pretty cool  game its just I prefer freezeria :) I am 30 years and my 7 year okd has me hooked,.... add the wingeria.... thats one is cool too!!!! WOW I TRIED IT IT IS SO FUN.THIS APP IS FOR OEOPLE WHO LIKE TO USE STRADGEY I played this game all the time last year it was epic  but its takes a while to get chacters that's because I'm a level 257 I bate this game it wont give me a refund Awesome game The game froze and it wouldn't work, so I uninstalled it, and it cost 3 dollars! I atleast want my money back if I don't want it! :( It was fun while it lasted. You might as well go play it on their website FOR FREE  Super fun should download Even more  fun to play on a tablet! I love the flip line games I wish there was more of them Pooping It freezes when I try to play it! Love it, but still needs update 😃 Love the game, love playing it over the internet, but when you play one of Foodini's mini-games, be careful! Mine got frozen and can't progress further. I want a refund. Its great to see these two apps but I want more to be made. Hope they are coming soon This game is bad it was all black and I couldnt see what I was doing So good my grandma even plays it wated 30min won't download or give refond Good app but it's weird that it needs to take pictures and videos. So slow on every device. I love it I love cooking  games. So, this game is perfect for me.          Mariah Carey rocks Is asome I tried playing but it wont let me do anything  I.  Want. A. Refund The game is ok but the grafics are kinda bad.. plus its the same thing over and over This game was worth the money, awesome game!!!!!!! Love it It stopped suddenly,thats really annoying because I love the app but plz sort out Prefeeect! I love this game! Luv, luv, luv! That is all! You may think the 2 extra was just for getting HD graphics, but you have been mistaken. The HD version includes mini games, better lobby decorating, easier building station, and hats! I find that the game has plenty more and that is the best mobile burger game. Did I not mention it comes with HD graphics? This game is awesome! Now I just with they would make Papa's Freezeria for Android. I have this game on my laptop as well as my tablet. It seems as if the features are better on my tablet. Love this game!!!! Please add Freezeria as well!!!!!! Great, but I would be really happy if you added others, especially pancakeria, taco mia, and  freezeria. Loved the game on the computer just as fun on my tablet. Can't wait for more! Its Fun Its Great but slow and like 1 or 2 bugs Icant play due to the black screen in the app and I dont know what to do This game Is awsome big shout out to the creators. Awsome game love it please make a freezeria I love it, but like every 30 minutes or so it says one moment and I have to turn my tablet off and in an hour I get on it again but still needs fixed. Big bug here creator. This game can entertain me for hours. I would love to have the other online games! I loved it so much. Awesome game make more like wingeria Ya Oh my glob something happened!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I used the game yesterday, paused it, and it froze today!!!!!!! PLEASE FIX AND 5 STARS WILL BE HEADING YOUR WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I like the mobile version even better I love it but please make a papas frezeria It's exsactly like running you're own restaurant!!!!!! Thank you! I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GAME!!!! I love this game I am at rank 33 and I LOVEall of the FLIPLINE STUDIOS GAMES! This game is sweet This game is SO awesome!!!!! This game is a great time passer, but it's a little glitchy. I think that Flip line should put their other online games into apps. :-) The game is very fun and addicting , love every part of it!!! Though it is a bit glitchy when its in the background. When you start playing again after its in the background it gets glitchy and you have to exit and remove it from the background and then you have to start over the day your on. Fix this and I'll give it 5 stars. Like really I recently purchased an Google play card 4 10 dollars after that I tried 2 get this an it said not enough storagethen I pressed the refund button an didn't get my money back! That's stupid I want my money back! Great This is so cool it just needs some of the feautres of the game on the computer they should also make. The other papa games if they want to inprove:-) Brill game I have always loved papas games on my PC and I was susprised to see one on android . This game is a must. I love this game but its so slow, this is why its only 3 stars not 5. B love this game I love this game but it is completely ruined by the blender Ball game freezing constantly when the ball goes off to the side :( This game is too awesome for human race... flipline please put the entire papas saga This game is so addicting!  Starts off slow, but it even has games inbetween the game which make it even better! Best game ever, and now that its mobile its even better. Cant wait to see the other games from Flipline on here I have no reason Got so addicted that I reached day 80 and got bored of this game Bought this for $3 and I can easily say that I think it's worth more. Looks great, lots of fun, and no bugs or glitches on my nexus 7. Could play this for hours. Definitely recommend it and I will certainly be purchasing any future Papa releases from this developer. It froze and I couldn't touch anything. I wasted money and will not buy again This game is such a blast, I love it! Could you consider making the other Papa games available? Like Freezeria or Wingeria, those are my favorites, you'll totally get 5 stars when these are available! I love how many achievments there are lots of fun. Please put more Papa games on here Blender ball mini game is glitchy. Pls fix and make more papa games Runs extremely slow on a nexus 10. Had to un install and wasted 3.00 dollars. Kids weren't happy. This game is very addictive but not as addictive as papas freezeria. Please make that game its so much better!!! Who agrees? Yay this app worth it but it gets you stressed This game is my favorite game ever! 5 stars!!!!!!!!!! Totally worth the money I tried to quit a game then everything froze and I couldn't press anything. Please fix because I don't want to have to keep uninstalling and starting over! It's better than the previous version that I use to play on my desktop... better because of the tablet touch screen instead of using a mouse. Love it Awesome game make a freezeria on this. This is my favorite game ever make more of these games please Love it make more papa's games here It is a Oscar winning game Good game but it's just too hard for me 😂 These apps are like the old flash games I remember. Thank you for the memories. This is an excellent, brilliant and really fun game. I've been a pretty big fan for a long time now of this franchise and this has gotta be one of my favorites. After flash was shut down, I typed it in in google play and was expecting a cheap knock-off, but instead I bought this masterpiece Slow, first you have to pay for it and then when you do it runs really slow and it always cuts off halfway through a game. Not worth it none of them are. It's a good game but i was hoping you could move the sauce bottles like on the computer version This game is a classic. It's a good purchase if you have the money, seeing as Flash will go away soon sadly. It's fun. Very fun. Fun game Really addicting time killer when I'm on the car or trying to sleep! This game is good but I don't like how you have to use a slider bar thing Its amazing and extremly fun only one problem. Once you buy everything in the shop that it. You can't do anything else with the money so please add more things to the shop or even upgrades. Oh and one more thing if it's a burgeria then why are there no fries and no soda. That's all, so if all this is added then i will gladly rate this 5 stars but for now it' 3 stars. Played this game so much when I was younger. Not the most content out of the Papa games, but still so fun. (This and pancakeria were probably the ones I played the most.) Edit: This version does have different build station, I liked the look of the old one, but I get this is for ease of use on mobile. Bentho Amazing mate Brings back memories of when I played this in school I reccomend these games even thought they are old it brings back so many memories It won't add to family library please fix it I need a refund Love it cuz I love burgers and it easy to do it Godly. Burger. Best food app ever!!! The game was pretty hard to put the ingredients but good game Oh Hell Yes! LOVED this game as a kid and STILL play it to this day! God tier game So good Great app but theres this bug where the burgers freeze and you can no longer switch stations please fix this. Alrite Terrible. When you press the middle of the bun it puts the condoments to the left. Horrible graphics. Do not waste your money on this Life changing I LOVE BURGERS AND CHEESE BURGERS Loved this game since i was little, gives me the nostalgia of sitting at the computer desk, barely being able to look over the keyboard trying to get 100% on every burger 😄 still the best mobile game in my opinion, i do think it would be great to add custom workers and the mini game dude also. It soooo good because it kinda teaches you stuff about how to be a watris 😍😍 Really cute but maybe It has to became more like the newst papa's games I love the game i use to play it on the computer at school when i had free time and I was super excited to get it on my phone, on the computer theres an option to change the appearance of the character and change the clothes too, i think if you add that on the phones it would be amazing and make the game even better, you should also add more decorations and maybe even an inventory so we can buy the decorations and choose which ones to use and when Being one of the early Papa's games, this definitely isn't one of the more enjoyable games in the series. If you like messing around with the ingredients it can be fun for an hour or two, but the number of items in the shop is fairly limited. Awesome game but it is not anything like the computer game Lovèthe game i first played it on y8 So much fun This is the best game I've ever seen Pretty fun, but gets boring after awhile. Very average game, good graphics and gameplay, needs an update Needs fixing, I love this game but it keeps freezing. I'm cooking burgers then I go to take orders then when I go back to burgers it freezes and have to close the game down. Please please please sort this glitch out so I can carry on playing Ok gracias alli nos vemos mañana a Las Vegas on my computer is choclet0213 my phone number and subscribe if you enjoyed comment your name below if you want a shout out stay in the bunny squad peace and subscribe if you enjoyed comment your name below if you want a shout out stay in the bunny squad peace and subscribe if you enjoyed comment your name below if you want to buy the rats for 100in and subscribe if you enjoyed comment your name below if you want a shout when we have sistem a neon fly Great game Papa Burgeria is interesting but it needs more creativity to it such as added holidays that aligns with reality. Some of your content are holiday based and it changes throughout, but this application is repetitive with no creativity with it. I would suggest you improve this to mark up the scales and sales of your games because the experience is deteriorating and we need more content. Wish they added more things amazing No refunds and I diddnt even buy the damn app..... Why would I pay for this I can literally go online I just deleted the game but it didn't give me some SPARE change. What's wrong with that??? flip line studies super games It's a good game to play and I like Burger If I uninstall the game,will I have to buy it again to reinstall? Mm papa want borger Accidently bought this app thinking I had no money and now I dont even have enough for a 99 cent candy from bulk barn Please add More ingridients and Shop items to decorate and be more meaningful Good no ads Its the best game i have ever played and im glad it went on mobile and it has the same gameplay but different looks and now i can play on the go thanks. Its so good i love this app and its great for ipads It sucked and I couldn't even get a refund. Please add more ingredients and stuff in the shop. After you buy everything and you have all the ingredients available doesn't make sense to play more. Would be nice to customize your avatar. This has to be the best game ever!!! Very fun and addicting game I want a refumd this game was disapointing i loved the game others may like ot but justi dont like it ,🤯 I looooove itttt This game is very terrible because the graphics are bad and it's for people who likes to know how to cook I love this game it's so awesome It is fun entertaining and we'll great and cheap🤑😁.Well I recommend it to anybody who likes playing cooking fever. Also it basically is free almost. Great game I enjoy it but it may be free on the app Cool math games. Ok Good game but keeps crashing I love this game 😍 I was expecting the original experience of papa's burgeria, but saw the to go. I gave it a try and it didn't have that classic feel and the graphics were terrible compared to the original. Disappointing, I loved this game. IDK...😐😑😒 You buy everything within the first 2 wks after that it becomes stale Very fun game. It's what I expected when I bought it. That said, there is a game-breaking glitch. Sometimes, the grill will stop working and I won't be able to go to the screens to take orders or assemble burgers. Please fix it! :) I have all 13 of your cooking games 😁❤👍 Hate it glichy bad grafics downloded it an didnt like it so i wanted a refunde but it wouldnt let me😡 -25 stars Building controls are awful. The graphics are super pixelated and blurry. Its very laggy and the quality is bad on my phone, other apps are running very fine and clear but this one has a huge problem... I want my refund... I love this game but I hate the new building system I thought it was gonna be like the original one I really hate the new one just because it's a lot harder to use and it's kinda buggy too but I like it because it's just like the good old 2010 one I played Love it wish there was a cool math app Give me my refund please, I need that money to buy robux! Give me the money back or I'll give this app a red flag as inappropriate!😡😡😡 Great gameplay To good it's good also can you make a free version of pizzeria I like this game Its fun Build section is impossible to get a 100 on This is the worst to go but its not bad its just confusing it fun to make customers 0 points tho Love it! It's super awesome It's boring but addicting. Blah Not such a good game but it's fun to mess up orders Its really good, but you don't play games after you finish a day and you can't customize your lobby, the game places it for you! :3 Very fun It was a great game Boring I want a refund immediately Its fun but super boring since there is no carnival games and tickets and you cannot arrange the shop items preferrably.. Please update the game with these features.. Amazing, great app to calm down after getting titled in Clash Royale!! Trash never by this game Someone: tame doesnt let me place poster it just does automatic. My response to you sir: do you want it to take more space, srsly just get the hd version Can you guys please fix this games I dont like the food drop. It's basically trying to have us fail. I wanted the smooth relaxing game like the one on the internet where you stack the burger up using your hand, not dropping it. Might aswell call it the food drop. A fun experince with quick and easy controls. Though more items in the shop would be nice. Addicting but so much more competition these days. Outdated. Only 3 stations and kind of short, i guess that's ok papas thick juicy ass ❤ It Perfectly ported BUT PLEASE MAKE JACKSMITH FOR MOBILE jacksmith is by far my favorite game made by that dev I know it will be good 10/10 I love these games and I will never stop playing. Trash I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH I AM NINE YEARS OLD AND I BEEN PLAYING ALL THE PAPA LOUIE GAMES 5YEARS AGO Not as good as the one on cool math games(and this one is paid) Great Its a phenomenal game Love this wish they would make new ones I have played papa's games on computer since the beginning. The mobile app is quite simple. It is not challenging. Many things are missing. First the edition of the place. The shop. The story. It feels like you are playing the same thing with no challenge at all. It's not worth a penny It is fun Goody. Currently has a bug that soft locks the game Class😎😎😎 Good Game but old This game is by far worth the money in the very least. For a mobile burger game from flipline it is actually better on mobile than it is on pc. The new control system is perfect for both thumbs. Customers come in at perfect timing. Grading isnt too harsh. There isnt too many toppings when sliding which is good. (I have them all btw) Graphics and animation is impressive for a mobile cooking game. 5/5 definitely deserved for this well made game. MAYONNAISE It took my money and i cant play it 0/10 Good game so good Clunky controls, less animation frames and opinion for refund. A horrible game. I want my money back. This game wasn't really that fun. It was really hard. It's a very very very good game and I love it I freaking love this game! Papa louie games impress me and I like how this gane is 99 cents and the others are 1.99. I like hot doggeria too It is good Paid for it and doesn't work love these games.... Very fun app Good Love my boy wally This game hasn't been upgraded. I couldn't purchase tips to purchase upgrades in the game. Classic papas experience 🙂 Gets exited when customers start to ask for rare and well done burgers 🙂 This Game Is Awesome 😄 best won't let me refund love playing these types of games wish it had more great game Really great game. definitely worth the money. dont like it love ittttttt jest wow The graphics aren't worth it, the gameplay although confusing easy to get the hang of, but overall a true 3 out of 5. It is good but I dont like how you cant get a refund. Please set the option to where you can get a refund you greedy snitches. The internet flash gaming went Android!! Haha. Just wanted to have this game on my collection forever... Reembursament takes time. I NEED A REFUND! THIS GAME IS TRASH It's a great app all together but I don't have the option to get a refund. I really don't wanna have to turn this into TanaCon and have people screaming for a refund. So as soon as you can, give some people their money back if they want their money back. good need more to do!!! I have all the Papa games and love them all! I have purchased all the things and there doesn't seem to be anything else to do. needs to be updated to include some features from the other games. at least something to buy. maybe transfer tips over to other games... I love burger I imagine i'm eating one burgeria but on my phone. whats not to love amizon prime interesting twist compared to the computer version I know its kinda weird to have this on a chromebook/laptop, but I do, because I love the Papa's franchise. Sadly though, I've had the app on the chromebook for about 7 months, and it has still to let me start the game at all. It will load up to the play button, and then it refuses to let me even start. Makes me sad. i hate this game its confussing and hard and i played this game as a child and its nothing like it was before give me my money back now good memes i didnt mean to buy it but then i can get my money back i hate this game and GIVE ME MY MONEY i earned it and you didn't sorry end of talk. ...... i cant get a refund AMAZING!!! This game is so awsome.I can cook on this and when you play it, time flys by so fast because you having so much FUN!!!!!! Thankyou people whoever made this!! Expecting it to be like when i was little .very disappointing this is the greatest game of all eternity! any one who likes burgers, making burgers or food in general will love this game. absolutely not a single ad too. it's good,but it used a lot of space. i had to delete a app to get it cant refund after playing This game is really great, it challange you to make burger perfect as possible. Its nice but there r no refunds and its quite boring after a while u should try updating maybe more toppings? but it's a nice time killer I suggest this for ages 6-11 could not save the game I still like it it's fun good GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK I cannot get a refund after I play it very stressful download having trouble with the game freezing/glitching but otherwise good game how do i get a refund? Great game but the graphics are terrible, I expected more from having to pay for this app. Also there are a lot more limited options, like decorating the lobby for example. I love the game, except that it crashes to much and i constantly have to redo the day. plz fix and ill give it 5 starz. awesome, it like working at a real burger joint! its good, but I think its need to develop more, like new menu or area new scenery thais game is awfull and I cant get a refund!!! I realy dislike it and advise you not to pay for it. hope you like it more than I did. it does not work this is fake ;) you need to upgrade your games hard to play on the phone, and plus costs 0.99 and charges you 1.99 .. Don't get it why For the most part I actually really like this game. I got it as a joke with my sister and we had a "race" playing on different devices. Unfortunately, (and this could just be my phone and not the game itself, I have a Samsung galaxy j3) after I play it for a little while my phone restarts, like not just the app, my whole phone shuts down, and I'm not sure why. But other than that, it's a great game! :) Love it i like this game its my favorite It's a very bad game. I felt that the game will be similar to the one which is available at PC but it's too worst that I didn't want to even see this game again. I want my money back. I was playing a moments ago and then I purchased a in game item from in game cash and then as I play the next level it just gets hang. Either give me whole refund by tomorrow or repair the game. Good concept, graphics couls be improved and i dont think this game is worth any money. It should be free because it is no where near as good as other games by the same company. You can't even decorate anything so this game is by far one of the worst from this company/developer It wouldn't give me my money back, I tried to go back and clear some space for it but it wouldnt give me back my money for a failed download! it is amazing Also a very good casual game. meh It's amazing. When I was a little kid I loved this game and it's still amazing It's very very good Great game to play when traveling! It's a great game, I just wish that there were more options to decorate. Also, it freezes on me. I mean it still appears to work fine but it doesnt work when I tap the screen so I would just sit there frantically tapping trying to flip a burger that wont flip. I've restarted day 21 at least 9 times now because of this issue. Its ok I guess but it takes too long to download and has soo many adds Plz fix it, I have been waiting for over an hour and its only 55% done X( Can i have a refund I love this game It is really fun and entertaining At first, I was all in for playing this game until I found it you're limited to a certain amount of toppings, you can not decorate your shop the way you want and you're limited to very little of what's in the shop as well, and the tickets aren't there. I mean, I get that you may be trying to keep PC edition and on the go edition separate but it could be so much better than this. No wonder it's only worth 99¢. I like it but if I refund it can I install it anytime or do I have to buy it again It's fun to play I had fun playing this game. I would like a refund please its so boring When I first purchased this game in 2016, it worked just fine. After several updates, including a few from Android, I have not been able to play the game for over one year. It now says: "not optimized for this device". They created one for tablets (which is the type of device I have), therefore, I need the HD version. I have contacted Flipline numerous times, with no reply to date. Very disappointed, as I have ALL of their games on my iPhone, and play all of their Papa's Flash games on mg PC . All I want is a credit for this game that no longer works, so I can apply it to a game that is compatible with my tablet! Is that too much to ask? Really Flipline, my expectations of how important good customer service meant to you guys, was a bit too high!😕 Luv it n it's worth the money but could you guys please add the cheeseria one.that's my favorite one Awesome game Like Papa's Pizzeria to go, i love this cooking and serving simulator game. I only bought this cuz it had like 50 extra toppings Great I love this game I played this on Coolmath games if it's not a math game so 5/5 The only reason i got this on a tablet was because this version has 2 more  toppings then the hd. Awesome It's easy to play Please add sides to this game on mobile? I love the game, really awesome. Except it glitches from time to time, like  when I'm trying to cook the burgers on the grill, it'll stop cooking and  keep on doing that glitch!!! Please fix this bug it's an awesome and  classic game. It's the only burger or food game that allows me to make  foods in such a detailed way!!! PLEASE FIX!!! Haven't been playing it a lot but I do like it, I don't really like how  they changed the stuff to fall down when u making the burger , I liked the  old way better but Pappas games are really good! It was terrrrrrrrriffic! I love this game. The graphics and speed is beautiful. The only thing I  want to suggest is that you should add a 4th station for sides, such as  fries, chicken nuggets, onion rings, and other sides that are sold at fast  food burger restaurants. This game sucks Great time waster, easy to control, and pretty satisfying to play. It should be free and a update when you can make your on sauce When I purchased this game I thought it would be great but when I started  to play I noticed that it was kinda boring and that I wasted a dollar don't  wast yours Great game if you've got time to play, nice to travel with you on a trip.  Graphics are pretty good.Very entertaining.Love many of the Flipline games Papa's games are the greatest and even better if you can play them on the  go. I haven't even started playing on mobile yet. But I already know it's gonna  be great because I've played all the flipline games in browser. Can't wait  to see the rest join the mobile team. No Bad bad 👎 I love this game and the controls for smartphone are very convenient. I  dislike that it doesn't have character customization. It's a really nice game to play but y'all need a new update where u can buy  more stuff from the store The game was fun.Please update new version😥. i hv already buy all item ,  and now i have nothing to buy with the money i earn now😪. Please make the  game can decorate the worker and the shop👉👈, it will be more fun I'm mad I thought it was a really fun game for my kid and it teaches how to make  food. I think this is a really good game and I think Flipline Studios should keep  making these mobile games, but this one, Papa's Freezeria, and Papa's  Pizzeria need updates like Papa's Hotdoggeria. Wow. Loove it I hate it makes me mad😡😡😡😡😡😡 It keeps freezing while I'm making patties Mayonnaise Amazing, outstanding, loved it. Can I please have a refund the game is so boring I like the game so far but they need to do an update on like more stuff in the store and also gets some sides with the burger, along with a drink because I know the customers go gonna need something to drink with that if it WAS a meal. Like please update it. It been a year since y'all updated anything.. On this app. I basically buy everything that was in the store like everyone said. Plus the other papa's apps is doing good and have a lot more. It's the game that make you comfort I guest Really amazing But next update i need the customers can use that we buy for improve the waiting score like gumball machines.Plz next update i need this Fun to play in extra time Awesome game I'm 73 and I still like it🤗😊🤗😊😘😇😚😇😚😇😊😇😚😇😚😇😚😇😊😘😊😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😘😅😅😅😅😅 is 😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄 😅😅😅😅😅😄😄😄😄😅😄😄😄😅😅😅😅😄😄😅😅😅😄😄😅😅😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄 😘😘😘😘😗🤔🤗☺🤗☺🤗😋😍😋😅😊😅😊😅😊😘😊🤗😋🤗😋😍😋😘☺😏😚🤗☺🤗😚😚😣😚😇😚😘😣😣😏😏😏😏😤😞😞😤😪😪😪😫😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😉😀😀😀😉😀😀😉😉😊😁😁😂😂😋😎😎😎😀😀😀😀😀😀😁😁😁😂😂😂😂😃😃😃😃😄😄😄😄😄😄🐄🐄🐂🐄🐮🐴🐮🐴🐮🐴🐮🐷🐮🐷🐮🐐🐂🐐🐂🐄🐮🐄🐄🐮🐄🐮dididjdjdjdjdjdjdjdkdkdkdj I love papas games. I wish they would have the wingeria, susharia, cheeseria, and all the others 😍😘 Love it. I love the papas series Challenging! its good & a time killer , but i dont like that you have to pay for the game Dumb waste of money I love this game I use to play it on a computer know on a móvil divise it is great Rude Yes it was not working again I love this game!!! Coolllllll Where are the seasons? I already bought everything in the store :( the other papa's are way better You mediocre clarinet player. OKAY THIS IS RHE OKAYEST GAME IVE EVER PLAYES IN MT LIFEFF Awesome game. The game is so much fun, but it tends to freeze...please fix... I have all the games and they are amazing my favorite one is the hot doggeria one but this one is good!!!👌👍💕💞😁😘😆 I have Loved it.😀😁😀😁😂😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎 Loved it When I was young I loved this game.I still love this game! This a game is very cool and fun and very  challenging to play it and I recommended cuz it's cool and because you can play it when you're bored or on your free time and you won't regret it getting it. I give this game 10⭐ to this game and all of the papa's game's Just like the game on Kizi but mobile !!! I love this game very much❤ Make more games like this one Love this game I play it on my computer and phone and tablet is so much fun and easy way to pass time The game is super fun and eventually becomes challenging. It's a lot glitchier than the others, but when it works it's very fun. So addictive fun and easy to play Love the game and graphics. Really easy and addictive. Great It is the best game ever Ok Its a good game on a computer I love this game Real reason Thanks Active and it's fun great job Loved these games since i was a kid . They are all great games . I wish they had the wingeria ,doughnuteria ,cheesearia, lool into that Flipline . This game is fun and one of the better restaurant games for phones. The items you can buy in the shop are great too. You'll want the medoum grill alarm as soon as you can afford it.  That way you know when your burgers are done. I do wish it wasn't so picky on the "building" score. I find it nearly impossible to line the condiments up perfectly so I often get around 95% in that score. The one I downloaded for free in my browser looked better than this, but I think this one looks great too, just need a little bit more improvements. Its fun I'm 10 in I love this game lol SOO awesome!💟💙💖💞💯 Poop I loved it. Worth the money I use to play this game when I was a kid and this is awesome that it's mobile now.  But I noticed I'm starting to have issues.  It's about day 32 and when I go to make burgers it glitches and buttons disappear. Please fix:/ Awesome! This game is amazing! Way more better than any other game! It's so funny the way you can mess up the orders I love this app I is fun put cost too much Love Love Love!!!!! Awesome! Flip-Line Studios, keep up the good work! REFUND me! I LOVE IT!! :D Dum u wont eaven give me my money back The PC version is much better Did any one else get a glitch on day 21 Had a complicated order.  Made a burger 2 feet tall with nothing but mayonnaise between the buns.  Customer got angry.   10/10 would make another customer mad again by feeding them mayonnaise burgers. (Seriously tho, this game is pretty awesome! Definitely want to see more like it!) Cool IT SUCKS BALLS Meh It looks  like a Qatarpounder from McDonalds bubuh sos tembikai dan sos taik Good It's pretty cool but sometimes it gets boring and sometimes the costermers are too much Amazing Need more updates Good game This game is awesome! Its just I'm on rank 20 and I bought every thing, and there's probably more condiments and customers to get. That's the only complaint I have. 😊 Very fun game, I remember playing thing on a computer. Refund Please I love this game it was definitely worth 99 cents its the best game I ever played if you could add papa pancakeria that would be awesome other than that awesome game great price too I want my money back it was nothing lime I wanted it to be it hasn't even been 24 hours since I bought it how do I get my money back Awesome What I think is you should be able to play this game in offline mode so if your on your phone or tablet you could play it😋😇 Best Hamburger Game Ever!!!!          😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃 Terrible I want my money back but can't get a refund I want a refund it sucks I have only had it for 4 hours and people say that Google has a 24 hour policy that if you don't like a game you can get a refund please I like the other papas better Awesome  thanks for the games thar so much fun Bring Papa's Wingeria 😀😃😄😆😀😅😂 Welcome To Pokemon Moonlight Fast Food Express It is was may have nice good looks good 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌 It. Is. Really. A. Excellent. Game It is awesome Whats new besides bugs? It was always fullscreen! Its my favourite game of all time!! I couldnt live without it!!!! awesome Fun Best I have never had sex I did not waste my money It's good and also hard It is an Awesome game 2play Best game It was gggrreat Game need more upgrades getting boring I purchased all up grades same thing over and over now change it up makes game better I WANT A REFUND Loved it but the graphics absolutely suck. It's all blurry and it's really bad. Fun game nice to play while in a long car trip It's a really great game fast paced "Tell us what you think!" Okay... You don't know me, but my name's Psy,I'm just the O'hare delivery guy. And I think trees might be worth a try, so I say... Let it grow...... Awesome Good Bad ass Game is awesome love it I can play any where any time that is why it's AWESOME!!!! . Also add new toppings otherwise it's AWESOME!!!!! Awsome! I love all these games but Theres this one Papas Game I cant downlosd and jts Papas Bakeria Please make the game download able! Great game! Keep it up! Amazing It is awesome I love this app I don't need a computer I just use my phone yay u should totally download this app just for 1.99 $$ Love these games. Can't wait for the pastaria, doughnuteria, and all the others, but there's no holiday themes in this one. Don't listen to the rating cause I love the game but on some money apps it's not the game it your device It was the worse games why should I have to pay for a crummy game like that didn't even load I wouldn't recommend it too any one So awesome 💖💕💞💜 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 A great Flipline Studios classic, but with new features! It may cost money, but seriously, it's only one dollar. Definitely would recommend people to purchase this. This game doesn't  give you a refund. Like what kind of game is this. Honestly  don't wast your time to buy this game. Like I'm a kid and I'm supposed to love this game but it seemed like I don't. Please fix FUN It was a ok game but i had 2 other of his games so i hardly played it. So i tried to refund it but all it sayed was purchased. It  did that to the pizzeria game too. Please please please please see more items in the shop we have too much money. Make the game a little harder pls. Also add google play achievements. Would really appreciate all of this. Thanks! It's a great way to pass time!!!!⏰ COOL!!!!!!!!!! love them Have all the games and this one is definitely inferior, still fun though. Wish they'd make the donut one for mobiles though. So good! Can the creaters of this game please make a papa's donutaria I love this game's and I also play them at school. But it's to sad that I had already purchased them in my tablet all of the Papa's games. Now on my phone I got only 2 of them when I go into play store it says on the games that there are already purchased and I installed them and they send a message to my mom and it's says that we pay for the game's and they say that I had already purchased please fix it and also I recommend this game's there so fun. 😀🔧🔨🔩🔧🔨🔩🔧🔨🔩🔧🔨🔩🔧🔨🔩 This game is so fun and it never gets boring😊 Want download,  download or my money back! Plus the full version of the game is way better... Happy to be able to play the game but iv got to level 20 but now the game keeps freezing and I paid money for this game Add jack Smith to the app store please Awesome game Although I wish you add the custom character mode. Burgers Older version of burgeria is much better. But nothing left to do after unlocking Louie, money also has no use either at this point I love this game it's hard but challenging Refund love it so fun Please let me refund it No matter how many times I gave them a horrible burger, they just keep comming back for more Gimme back my money!! I l♡very this app so much fun This game is very good, but feels a little bit incomplete with only three stations. Please add a drink station like in Papas Pancakeria in the next update! I will rate five stars if so! I tried to get a refund but it wouldn't give me back my money. Waste of $2. Tydeeiscrazy I wish u would get the doughnut game u have for android. 100 Who doesn't love making burgers? XD Awesome It's great, exept when you use the booster too much, it freezes. Please fix. It's fun but you should have more stuff to upgrade shop. It's no more challenging because I can't upgrade shop anymore Very good game love all the papas games Don't like it On one of my day Jojo comes and my game freezes please fix or I will delete this stupid game Best game ever Taking forever to donlod and gets boring It's okay could I get a refund?. I got it just own hour ago but it doesn't say the refund button Gg Bought this the other day and already on day 106. Great game. thanks so much for releasing this game Very yummy All the textures in the game are burry on my LG G3 I love it keep it up This Is So Much Fun To Play On This game is one of my favorites, and I play it a lot. Maybe too much because lately it does nothing but crash. Constantly. I have to restart the same level 3 or 4 times until I can finally get through it. I'd love to be able to play this again, but right now it's near impossible. PLEASE fix this. Its so awesome! Sorry, but I like the pc version much much better... I just didn't enjoy this as much as I imagined I would... is there a way I could get a refund? Developers? Could you help me out please? Loved it Awesome It's nice but I prefer hotdogeria. I've been trying to purchase another of papa's games but it won't take my payment keep telling me to try later and later never happens. Please help with this and thank you. I would love to see some new items available in the shop. Some ideas i had are (1) a bigger grill. (2) a aim assist, to help make dropping the items in a straight line easier. (3) adding playable tunes to the dukebox. (4) add fries to the menu. (5) add a drink to the menu. Papa's burgeria Yes, you should make one mega game like he said, it's really hard to spin the toppings without tapping a topping, it hard to center the toppings Never can impress a closer I tried to delete it because it is stupid but didn't give me my refund so decided to re download but it didn't even save my data.:-( I want a refund now I think you should add more things like mini games and other stuff. I love this game it is highly addictive. It is way better than the desktop one they should add others also It is difficult to center the toppings. You know what, they should combine all the other papa games into one mega game: Papa's Dineria! I love all of these game like papa's pizzeria as well as papa's burgeria and papa's freezeria. Please have the tablet version available to mobile phones. I like it better. When i bought this i got a little disappointed. :( I play it on the computer all the time!!! It OK need more games like ut It's really fun but can you update the game so you can have an employee  (only 1 ) and more things to buy cause I've bought everything and my money is just pilling up and there's nothing to do with the money. I can't go a day without playing. I can't get a refund I have every one of these games It was great I like liked making the burgers!! Worth bying my favorite game You should make more like wingara Mastapeece.  Truly a next gen experience. This is the best game eveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer This game is so great BEST game of all! can someone help me uninstall this I die It is so boring I love this game on my computer. I was so happy when i saw there was an app but i was dissapointed when the mini game that you can play in the computer are not availiable in the app. The game would be funner and more interesting with the mini games The grill freezes somtimes and the game will not continue. Please fix this bug I loved it Needs an upgrade, more unlockables. Maybe character customization. I WISH I COULD GET MY ---MONEY BACK!!!! :( You guys should make more to go versions of all the games It works perfectly fine on my tablet! Its a great game! I reccomend you add mini games, custom character, and more shop items-(Wallpapers, floors, other fun timers and items). The more I play, the faster I get! You have my 5 stars. I love this game sooo much but make more of these flipline studios games like papas pancakeria, wingeria, etc Sometimes when I go to flip or finish the burgers from cooking it freeze the whole game and makes it so I can't play and freeze forever so I have to close it I want a refund!!! This game is so fun! I'm a guy and I love this game. All of you should buy this game Its worth it. P.S. Check out the other Papa's cooking games too. Also please add character customization like I've seen before in freezeria, would give 5 stars if this feature was added I don't want the game anymore and it won't give me a refund Can't get a refund Does this have minigames i want to know before i download it. If not which one does I love this game:) Ok Good game It glitched out. I want a refund. REFUNDDDDD I just really like cooking Hi everyone who ever like to eat burger you  all can try to play burger to  go its garbage   ill give this 0 stars if that was possible! Upgrade please...... more  shop things.... It is a great game and I like to make food it need French fry's that would be nice. My money is just piling up because I'm out of stuff to buy. I will give 5 stars if I'm given more stuff to buy. I love this game and always have been a great game since I've first played it on PC. It makes no sence I make the burgers right and the they give no tips? Waste of money don't get. Its awesome to do when your bored My buddy Colin, can't play because I won't let him, and now he is gonna fart. This game is really fun, super mind numbing. The best game I bought everything and I don't have any goals you know... Like why am I even playing I can't do anything with the tips... Sweet Got a galaxy s6 and won't load up it keeps freezing Company of flip studios games owe me 30$ I brought this game and it continuously keep charging my card just came from the bank so I need my money back Now!! I love it its one of the best games I've ever played😀 I play these games all the time and i just love them. I also love the people. I've always loved Papa Louie games and this isn't the exception. I love how simple the controls are and how it keeps you going. For players who like dynamic games, this isn't really for you; the game gets quite repetitive and there is not much to do in terms of decor but it's good to get for $1.99, still. You will enjoy. Please add Papa's Wingeria at some point! Its a great  game🍔🍔 It's so fun and a great way to show kids how to cook and make it fun Brings me back to my younger days. It would be awesome if there could be an HD option and more available items to buy. Besides that awesome game Needs to update more Wow It's cool It free on laptop and there's way more Better than computer version! Well worth the 99¢ I wish they would make this game like papa's pizzaeria. Where you had all the different things you could buy because now my money is just piling up I want to play but taking a long time to load. When it loads I will give you a 5. My nephew put me on to this game and I like it a lot. Awesome it is not giving me a refund  I want to get my money back I LOVE YOU PAPPA Love all the Flipline games, but this is so nice for quick play on my phone. And I like it more than my computer bcuz it remembers my level. Alot times computer starts over & that's no fun Amazing Love. This game No matter how many 'bites' your phone has left, download this burger munching app. Thumbs up Gets boring after a while deffienitly not the same as online Awesome when you are bores I love it. I played it althrough grade 3 to grade 6.. its a great game for bored people! This game is so much fun I play it all the time I just wish that you add more items to shop for Love this game so much. Used to playing it on pc but it's so much easier on a phone and i can play it whenever!! Its fun and gives you new things to put on your burger there is three different stations Fun I love the game but seriously, I can't play it because I get less than 5 fps. I'm on a dang note 4 too.i factory reset, and still it's super choppy. All games have suffered for me since this update. I have bought everything and level 57 now and their is nothing to buy please add more thing's so the game can be even better cause its getting boring making money but not able to buy anything unstalling now I like freezeria to go  way better because its simple and fun. This is boring like why do the burgers cook so fast. It burns them ehile im trying to fill an order nd it makes me mad!! Also why not pick the condiments instead of a Slide thing! UNISTALLING!! please refund, thanks. I just love this game i play it on the pc all the time but now i can play any time i want I've played this game on the computer and on my phone, and while I enjoyed it, I got frustrated that the waiting score was almost never perfect because you have to cook the burgers and only the yellow ones take a short time. And when you are putting the burgers together, it is hard to line it up correctly every time no matter how careful I was. There should maybe be something you can buy to help that be easier. I would like to get a refund, but I understand why I won't get one. I'd love having the cheeseria I hope they put the new papa Louie games on the app store Beast Game!!! Its awesome but not hd Good game I played thus game ever since it was on the game websites and its still number one I like it it's just Horrid why did you make this you can't play it lags I want a REFUND I want a refund for the burgeria to go, but the others are awesome! Keep up the good work,Developer! The only real downside is that I wish there were opportunities to upgrade ingredients or something. I want to spend the money I earn. I got everything and I always get all 100% 100% 100% It's all fun and games until you unlock everything. Then it becomes kinda boring with no goals. I want my money back Don't understand why people would ask for refund when they were able to play the game. A dollar can barely get these developers some coffee to enjoy. Anyway, thanks for the app you guys. Now get my cupcakeria soon!!! Hugs The computer version is way better than this, I'm sorry to say, but there are too many game glitches and problems. Keep em coming papas i apreciate all thsi papas game but i need papas hogdogeria men thats awesome. I love this game. Love the game. Would love to be able to make a custom character like the pc online version. Good game but not my type It's awesome and fun, the quality is just horrible though. It's super pixely :( Amazing game did it 1 time and bored of it...waste of freakin money any1 know how to refund? Ok so i had this game on my ipod 5 and I loved it. I got a galaxy s4 and just had to download this game again. On my ipod it was very smooth operation but on my galaxy it has major lag. I Uninstalled alot of game to open up memory. I disabled quite a few apps to boost my phone. Nothing has helped. If you can fix the lag then I'll be more than happy to rate 5 stars and continue playing. Coolest game ever It's a great game!!👍 Yeah papa out did your self i can spend hours perfecting the art of making burgers! good game, simple mechanics but enjoyable This thing crashes and has terrible music.    Worthless piece of s***. I play it all the time in the computer now i can play it anywhere thank you GET IT And papas pizzeria☺ It crashes after beating the introductory level. I'm using a Nexus 6. Hope it gets fixed soon. Great game..would recommend it for everyone..great graphics and everything..... I like the game and all, but can you guys change the building station? Make it more like the PC Version? Greatest game eva plz dont stop makin these games Can't get enough Its a great game and all, but once I got to day, maybe, 65 it started getting bubby. Every time I'm doing too many thing at once the patty's don't cook.THEN it doesn't let me go anywhere to the other stations. Then I have to quit and start all over again with the same problem. Love it! I've had this game for 3 months now and I had no issues until today. I purchased the cooking booster and when I press it the burgers won't cook and I can't flip them or throw them out. I'm on level 25 if that has anything to do with it. I also am having issues with the tickets flipping without me touching them and ruining my orders. Please fix! Good game . The burger King It is so fun So much fun! I like it alot played online first then downloaded the app both great It's better than that magna burger crap This game is awesome! You should try it! But ummmmmmmmmmm never mind Really fun game but do these games ever end? Loved I actually bought this and it's cool for a short while because once you both everything, it's just pointless. Wouldn't recommend it Fun and addictive game Its great but can you make the pancakeria please its my favorite one Such a fun addictive game, well worth the price. It ok but it get kind of bored  but my phone acting stupid can't wait until I get my HTC one Friday Please make more decorations Love this game, inexpensive, fun and is nice when your bored. Would highly recommend. I hope you make hotdog one if you do I rate 5 stars I can not stop playing this he its so fun i love all of them FIVE STARS FOR YOU! This game is a bit better than the pc version. So I recommend if you are a fan to the papa's series than buys this awesome little cheap game. By the way this game is worth the money. Lame Much better then PC version cool game I love papa's cooking Really awesome This game is so fun can anyone tell me how to get papa's wingeria please Simple concept with challenging multitasking orders!!!!!!...I have 3 of these papa games now....love them all!!! Awesome Please do player customization then ill give five-star rating Cool I luvvvvvvvvvvvv this game  very fun I lik ut Make more things in the shop like more posters I have it for the tablet and im just watting for the cupcake one and pancakes one I absolutely love this game but I wish there were more things available at the shop. I already bought everything :( Awesome It never loaded I want a refund I love it I played it on the computer so it must be better with touchscreen on the tablet I love it but you can just go online and play it for free It is awsome I love it it is cool because you can make food and all that. Downloads on my device but not install.... I'd like to open the app please . Greattttttttt gameeeeee Reminds me of middle school. It was good then and is good now. :) Could be better Love all the papa's games I qm so glad Love this game... waiting on the cupcake one to be available! Awesomeness I love this game I have no problems with the game, except for the fact that this game is too boring and too easy. Can I have a restore purchase? I like the papa's pizzeria and the other games but I found this one not very intresting Alright I want a refund I love the flash games from flipline studios so I thought I would try out this one for my phone. Best decision ever! Now I can play wherever I go! I love this game it never freezes on me, ever This game is awesome. It is one of the best games ever but it is not that good that I would rate it five I loved playing it on the computer and when they made it into an app I just had to have it This game is absolutely perfect but the only thing that bothers me is that after I bought everything from the store I have nothing left to buy! I have so much money and nothing to spend it on! I loved this game online. I used to play it all the time when we had to use our free time "academically" when on the computer at school. So this game would be on the "cool math games" website. It was worth the 99¢ in my opinion . love the game and doesn't have any or if so very few bugs . Instead of just using a mouse on the PC to interact with the game, we now have the ability to use the touchscreen in a way that allows us, as gamers, to interact with the game in a rather more efficient manner.  5 stars to this game! Hi i love this and all the flipline games so please make a papa Louie 2 when burgers attack app for android it's not fair iPhones get all the fun stuff and i tried playing it on the internet but needs flash so make an app more apps please 😞😃💚❤💚❤💚❤💚💜💙💜💙💜💙💜💗 Siete fue monte I loved "Cook, Serve, Delicious!" on the PC, which I got in a Humble Bundle quite a while ago, but played for the first time a few days ago. Today, I searched for an Android version, and found this along with a couple others. This game is great, and satisfies my burger shop managing needs on the go. Papa's hotdogeria and taco mia! Come back soon please!! I love constructing burgers but I wish there were more items to buy I liked this game ,a real fun burger maker game. . Yay I just bought this game using my play credits from goggle rewards. I can't wait for it to finish downloading. Love it!!! I love this game its alot of fun I just wish that it had more items in the shop to buy... I bought all the items in the shop need more items please and thank you I love this game i play it on the computer sometimes very interesting. Not enough upgrades gets monotonous after a while Love this game!  My kids introduced me to it a couple years ago. I am so glad they have the apps for my phone. Game is unplayable. There is a black screen that the developers try to avoid fixing. When I found this on the app store, I just had to buy it! I rarely buy apps (and especially write reviews for them) but this one is deserving of it. I love all of the Papa's games and Flipline's work. I hope they make more! It'd be awesome to see Pastaria, Hot Doggeria, and Pizzeria in the future. They're so addicting that I'll definitely buy! Bravo Flipline! Oh, and something that might be cool in an update: customizable characters. Definitely a cool option on the online versions! So cool and so fun Favorite Best Game EVVVVVER,I used tolove paying it on the computer but now I can play it every day any were rate it 5 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Now it won't let me play again I used to play this a lot on my computer, I'm so happy it came out for Android, and this was worth the $1 I paid for. It Sucks. I want a refund this is a great all the time no matter where you are game This app is fun and educational for making strategies. Love this game It was fun at first but after a while you get all the stuff and it's just the same thing over and over. I absolutely loved it. I thought it was very similar to the computer version but it needs more shop items and fizzo like in papas hotdogeria (which I want them to add to playstore) Love these games I like the taco frozen I am goig to try burger and wing. They also have a pizza and donut. They need to come mobile with all of them I love this game but I've now bought everything. Please add more items, it needs to be more difficult :) My favorite game in the world Great game, but having trouble with burgers freezing on the grill and not being able to place new burgers. Haven't played it yet but the reviews are really good and I played papas freezeria and it's awesome. I also played the computer version of papas burgeria and it was great so I'm guessing this one is just as good. Oh, and fyi, my name is Ashlyn Lien, not Jody Lien. I love it Love it but I beat it all in a day. I wish it had sides like the hotdog game. Onion rings, french fries, soda, ice cream even? Just a little more challenge Love this game DIS GAME RULES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wish they would put out a papas taco Great addictive game Best cooking game really good ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Awesome game love it!  Also please put the newer ones like pancakeria donuteria hotdogeria and cupcakeria, but otherwise great Amazing This app works so well i mean 1 time it will freeze  but you will have alot of fun If you enjoy building games this is well worth the dollar to play.  Also check out the freezeria.  Just as good! Best game ever Its a really fun game, but I'd like a refund... Why can't I get one?? Please let me have a refund. :3 I love this game. I'm addicted to it. You need to add papas taco mia though I love to mess up there orders its hilarious! Can I get my money back that I paid for such a waste of time I always loved the game playig on the computer, and I will admit that when it came to playing the game on an app I was pretty skeptical. I never imagined that the graphics would be this great and that the game could be that good in an app! Definitely reccomend this- totally worth the money!! That game is good. Great burger game. Nice game!!! Needs better graphics All I get is a black screen with music, what a rip off I enjoy playing this game its so fun Burgers It won't give me a refund please give me a refund I just wish they had other ones like cupcakeria pancakeria pastaria wingaria and hotdogria Sounds like a good app Love it :-) Let me refund because I need the money it won't let refund!!!!! Epic  I love this game Played it love it It seems really boring to me. I want my $0.99 back :( Paps burgereia to go I love this game playing it online and I loved it now it's so worth it! Cool game Awesome. Game Love it had it and now won't let me get it back SO MAKE IT RIGHT Its the worst game ever. Brillant. Game This is game is so much fun. Its defentiley worth its price. I don't see how anyone has problems with this game I love it. I love this game, I can't wait til they put out the taco one Love it so do kids This game is the shiz Love that some are on mobile now! I love it better than the desktop version This is pretty good I wish there were more items to buy in the shop though you guys should also do one of these for taco mia Great time killer I love this game great time killer. So I Downloaded This Today And Its Awsome You Should Get It!!! LOVE IT!!!!! It wont let me install it but i really like this game and i really wonna play it but i cant ;( good game its fun :) LOVE IT can you make more but for  free for some people please make more and some for free It's great I like this better than freezeria lover ir it wont load It is the best!!!!!! This is an awesome  game you guys should add more  ingredients I just can't handle it THIS IS AMAZING! sorry was I to amazed sorry if I was,ok back to the game you guys should really make alot more games this is so fun this is amazing,awesome,cool,and fun.                               AMAZING!!!!!!!!! The game is OK it just gets boring after u buy everything. I don't like the new look of it I love this! :-)  Works amazingly fast, no errors, NEVER freezes! It is just like the game online, except this you can play anywhere! I highly reccemend...you will adore it! It's a great game but I wish it was like other time management games where there is a goal you're trying to reach. There's no money goal or anything so once you buy everything it's pretty boring. It sucks Hated it I used to be a good player. I'm still a good player.  I love it. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♡♡♡♡♡♡♥♥♥♥♥♥♡♡♡♡♡♡♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like nothing can describe the way I'm feeling I could play this game all  day long like I absolutely positively love love love love this game so much Good game so much fun. I am obssessed with dis game ♥♥♥♥♥♥&lt;3&lt;3o_OO:-) Game stars fine just bottom half of display is distorted. I have a black screen after it says cutting tomatoes slicing cheese etc. Its really good it really is like the one on the computer but they should make more games from papas Doesn't work black screen with some colors but its not intractable so please fix or I demand my money back I love it but I wish they put some of the newer ones on the phone like wingeria or pastaria Its like Im in heven. Sucks balls Addition Plz make more apps for papas like papas pankaeria Totally love this game!! Great!! Great app, as good as the computer version Can you guys start putting more games on here like papa's doggeria But it needs some more bug fixes, it doesn't install fast enough, and I had over 100 mb.It also keeps sayin I do not have enough storage. It's a great game This game is awesome This app opens. Seems like it is loading and then just goes black. Don't waste your money on something that doesn't work. This is the best game ever Love it finally have it on my phone! Excelente!! Y muuy adictivo!! Awesome I love this game so much! Wish you guys release more of papa's games some times in the future If only u can make all them papas game like wingeria tacoria pancakeria all those games that r on coolmath and may I get a refund please I want to get frizeria thank u:)  It's an okay game I play it on the computer all the time. And I wouldn't have normally paid for it, buy hey, it's worth it. However, could you make it to where we can decorate out own person please? EDIT!!!! I don't see an option to transfer my account on a different device I love it Very fun to play!I love the cool math version of it but this is on the go! Please make more games like this!!!!!! THIS GAME SUCKS BUTT!!! It is very fun more stuff you can do on here then other cooking games I wish they get the rest of the papa games on here Love this games  I play it allmost ever day  play it you will like it I love to serve people hambergers A great game. You should make more games like tacomia and wingaria  Awesome Awesome Cool Need more upgrades. Hit lvl 25 and all upgrades are already bought. Also could use leader boards or something to make there be a point to keep playing. Love this game and no running issues what so ever! Very fun and addicting gameplay. I only have two minor complaints. First, I keep getting deducted points for putting extra mayo on everyone's burgers. Who doesn't like mayo? Second, it seems to me that a game like this should incorporate some closing of doors. Not enough games have door shutting these days. Papa's games is vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv.ggggggggggggggooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooddddddddddddddddddddddd This is so nice that I am going to die. Come on make more papa apps I like the controls of this game even better than the online Flash version.  However, it gets boring after a while (I'm at Level 31) because there are a limited number of items to buy so your pay just stacks up while the game remains more or less the same.  Overall a very fun game, though. Love it game it is the best game in the world it is so fun. I love the music. But I wish they would make the hotdoggeria and pancakeria stuff like that. Please add more items in the shop!!! I played the old version online, but this is way better! I especially like how you can pause the game, and how the burgers don't cool down. Fun to play its very awesome games..i lyk it very much! Awe  some some Luv it Love papa's games! Please make all of them mobile!! Takes FOREVER to install GOOD Please add the Foodini mini games and enhance the sound and music quality! Why don't you have any free... I guess it isn't fair because there isn't a lite. I really love this game but I was wondering does it get any harder & do you have more than 8 customers before saying closed? awsome I am angry...... when I press on it the screen turns black :( This game is totally cool and you must try it out. It's pretty good Nice game Love this Game !! it works beautifully on my Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G Metro PCS . i really want the PANCAKE version to come out ! Please add in some more flipline studios PC games. Like cupcakeria? Pizzaria? Or maybe even pancakeria? ^-^ Good game Excellent!!!!!!!! I love the papas games. They rock. Peeps who have never heard of these games.... suck Love I love this games I play em at school in the computer when I have noting to do in 8 and 6 pd I love all the games if possible can you make all the other ones as well if you do that would be great especially the hot dog one thanks Flipline studios needs to make more apps like these. They are some of the best games ever! You guys think you can make a pizzeria app? And the other computer games you made, all into apps! It is ok Need help need to get a refund keeps on freezing on.Me getting mad I play this game on my computer A LOT! and this is loads of fun on the go! Nice game This game is awesome better than on the computer I suggest you buy this app. It is very entertaining accept it can be difficult with closers. It is hilarious when you play around with the burgers and put lots of things on there. I played this game on my cousins iPad and it was so much fun I had to get for my phone and I am so glad they have for android!!!  I love it and definitely recommend it!! I want my money back Finally flipline is on android! I have played all your games on kongregate for years i love your product keep it up and add patches for more shop items!! Love it  I love playing this game I hope y'all come with some new updates new stuff n food n more papas games like this just different food wings pizza anything plzs! I'll give five stars when I see new stuff thankz It's like the one on computer Great memories in Florida at my grandmas with my dad and little sister. I used to have to go online to play this cool game Awesomeness !!!!!!! LOVE IT i love tis game. can yall make the rest of them Please make the rest of the games they are amazing to play(: Plz give me a refund cause this game doesnt work at all on my tablet thank you Yall should definitely make all the series I would buy them all. Its a great game but can u give me a refund coz im gonna buy the actuall hd game. Thanks. Good game  Really good game 2# place of my I love it game Loved the computer version too, hopes there's more I love this game I play it fore hours on end Love this game. Please add papas freeziria. Love all the games from flipline studios. Play them on my computer. So add papas freeziria.... Great and fun! Hope the other games can be put for mobile too! On the computer and your phone never gets old. :) It awsome Me divierto mucho la recomiendo para pasar el tiempo Nice I love it so much when I need a distraction from anxiety or depression is play this please make all she food apps for android  Game don't work !!!! It is fun but can get boring. Add more menu items and also other papa Louie games such as cupcakeria Please add the other games in the series it is a wonderful game and can you guys make your games free please and then i will try to download all of your games. I &lt;3 the games that you guys create. I hipe this helps somebody decide if they want to get this game on their phone or other technology. Is the best game ever I loved this game on the pc so glad there's one on android Need to make all the other types available... ice cream, hotdogs, pancakes, cupcakes.  I want them all None Great‚ fun‚ and exciting game. It is worth paying money. It came up with a black screen and did not work ever. This game was great online and and as an app, they should make all the other versions, Not my favorite... waiting on pizzeria!!!! I love it awsome I love this app its super fun but sometime it glitches if they fixed that I would give it 5 stars Please put more shop item im at rank 20 somting and i have all the shop items already and please put another game of urs on play store i love the sequels to this game I fun I love it! I love this game, but I've bought everything and now its a little boring. Needs new update! love ittt addictive bring in the whole series Its okay Just like in computer This is my favorite game ever! Can't wait to play more games f  papa Could u please fixs it asap I already paid why is not working for samsung galaxy tap 3. I give 5 stars as soon as is fixs ty. Use to play on computer I am very impressed with how well it works on a phone.  Would love to see the rest of the games bought out. Like freezeria and taco I love it?!!always played it on the computer ... it works so smooth... only thing is add more shop items other than that its an awesome game.. just waiting on freezeria ♥ highly recommended game Great games justs keaps on crashing... Awesome Waste of money good on IPod but Bad quality 😈😈😈😈😈 Great game Definitely does need more items in the shop, especially since full version is paid for... can I get an upgrade :-P. Still good tho! This games is sweet on the computer AND on mobile objects J  Ujjhjj Very good everyone install it I hate this game at first it was good but the next time I tried it  it froze then I tried it 5 more times and it was still frozen.😬 I Like it My 4 year old sister loves this game :) Great game. Needs more ingredient and more things to make the shop better. Also be able to customize your character. I can't wait for the other Papa games come out! They're awesome! I love this game! BEST GAME EVER I love it Love this game x This game is so fun! Yes excellent I dont find anything wrong this game! Awsome I love this game sooooo much I wish there were more upgrades, challenges.  At a certain point early on you have bought everything and gotten all the new condiments.  Still great though. BORING! I love this game I can't wait for the next generation to come I love all papa's games it just like the original version good job please put more games on here!!! :-) thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!! Mii Love IT Its great Very fun This game is awesome. I've played for a couple years with its many variations online. So excited its finally on Android! I love all the papa games. Hopefully more come and freezeria is allowed on phones. Even though I play both games on my tablet anyway!!! Best game I've discovered on cooking I just downloaded and haven't stopped playing it yet 5 stars! I am so happy that this game has come to mobile version! Now bring taco mia freezeria and more!!! My daughter is now waiting for the cupcakeria to come out..... good game but I think you should be in hd quality of the game its the same but it needs a little bit of work. Great game! Controls are seamless. A little buggy sometimes but, otherwise no complaints. It's very awesome I've played it on computer to . Please make more of these games to go.  Love all of them. I think this game is awesome for everybody! !!!!!!! I love this game but i couldn't even download it on to my phone which was a shame. Amazing graphics I love it Flipline can do no wrong. This game is great...I like playing it on my phone more than on the computer. I just wish FlipLine would make more of their games available for Android like maybe Taco Mia or Wingeria because I was able to finish this game in only 2 days! This game is addicting! Very good! Rate good can't wait for rest of flipline games Great port! Never thought school would lead to great video games! xD Pass I rely love this game but the store  is already empty and I only had it for about a week. Other than also need some  more custumers and menu items but, other than that awesome game Do Papa's Pizzeria To Go plz The best! You should put your other games too! Especially freezeria, pancakeria, and jacksmith! I would totally buy em. Title says all;-) I love this game although it doesn't work well on my tablet Excellent game The game was an overall winner but certain parts such as the accuracy needed to get a good build score were a bit tougher than the computer versions of these games. Love it on Pc, even better mobile. Love it!!!  But once u buy everything.  There nothing else to buy. Sucks Very good game It's a good port, run very smooth on slow phones (512mb RAM). But need to be better. I love all the games from papa's, but I'm sure that you can do it better! I'm talkin about graphics and image quality (everything looks like a lil' bit blurry, like a jpeg image with poor quality) took run & gun for example (the nun game) the graphics, animations and image quality are excellent! even on a slow phone, now imagine this game with those graphics! but anyways.. like I said, it's a good port. Even better then the computer version Very fun game plz make the other games plz I love all of the Papa series games.  I can't wait until the next installment on Android.  The game gets repetitive as you get into it. Love all the papa games, so I'm very happy that this was ported to android. Very unique and polished game. However, it gets extremely boring and repetitive once you get into the game. I been playing the series since Pizzeria in 2010, I wish they made that one first but it's amazing to see the company branch out to mobile phones and tablets. Looking forward for the next installment! Lookin good Please make Pizzeria, Tacomia, Freezeria and Pancakeria and whatever else you guys have made!! Will totally buy em all :) I played these games on the computer. I love these games. I am nearing the point where I can't buy anymore stuff though. I think a good update would be to enable the purchase of more goods in the shop. And maybe work in some online features too:) been to dam long update Thank you Really fun Love this game.... I wish that you could name your account and custamize a charactor like in papa's hot dogeria but other then that the app is great Love this very diffent from the kindle HD 8.7 Its like the computer one, and you can play it everywhere This version of the game is awesome. A real nice transition from the computer to phone. Add more shop items! I am having lots a problems wit it I try to play it and a black box thing covers half of my screen and its not the phone its new hope they fix it soon. This game is fun and it's something you could play for hours. Just like the pc one which I luv. But every 5 days or so, it crashes on me and then I need to try it over and over again and turn it off then on and it works. And should make other ones like wingeria and pancakeria ooh and hot dogeria. Sorry so long. And it won't let me past day 66. Man!!!!! No comment, just simply amazing I love the game. Can't wait to see hot doggeria. That one is my favorite It is fun Sexy This games really fun good graphics and great way to pass the time Awesome game. I absolutely love this game!  Id like the sauces and toppings to be separate though. Can we get the other games on mobile too?? Also after a certain level you get the same customers in the same order over and over. This game is the best! You should make more! Coool Doesn't crash, doesn't usually freeze. Great game, produce more!! Want more customers at a time, different orders. Would love to play other like games. Cool game My daughter likes this game. First experience to play was at her computer lab at her elementary school. What we would like to get also is Papa's Pizzaria and Papa's Freezeria.  Thanks. Amazing game I used to play this at school on the computer to pass the time. Only problem is, you need to make more items to buy or something to excite the long time players. Perfect game, no lag, you guys should make more games. Pancakeria? Etc. Thanks I love this game I plays it on my laptop All the the time This game is awesome but on rank 20 it's getting frozen and won't let me play no more.... Need an update to fix it and to sell more items in the shop!!!  Pleaseee!! I was waiting for this game to be an app for soooo long! I AM SO HAPPY <3 I would love to play it butt it won't let me before it would come up as invalid, now it's just stuck at 100 percent. Wish I could play and give it a good review. This game is stupid yet awesome and funny Works great on my phone but I do agree that after u reach a certain level and bought everything it does get boring.  I would also like to see mobile versions of the other papa games. Love the hand but wish there were more things to buy Force closed to much otherwise good app The best game ever I really like it, much easyer to play on my phone then the computer... Keep them coming, an I'll keep buying More! Put all of them on apps! A+++++++ Great game i love this game I love this game! I plat it in my computer but now that I don't have it I can still play it in my phone which is cool. Good game I recommend it to everyone. Please bring more shop items though thanks. :) Cool! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Cool game:-) Can't wait until it finishes!!! It needs more items in the shop! Love the game! Definitely should make all of the papas games. I love love LOVE this game!. I play it on the computer all the time. All I can say OK until the update it was a good game but now it is not Its ok for the most part I like the challenge Great game! Love it! Only problem is how repetitive it becomes after you buy everything in the shop and unlock all the options. I am on level 15 and its not letting me make anymore patties!!! It was working fine until this happened!!! I need an update!! Fun This game is so fun I play it all the time!! I hope you guys make the pizzaria tacomia hotdoggeria wingeria and freezeria because they are so much fun Fun game I havent actually played it yet but I have played the computer version so im sure I'll love this as well. Love this game! I hope you make papas freezeria, papas pizzaria, and the pancake one soon! One a scale of one to ten, definitely ten. I loved this game on playbook and I love this new updated version on Android.  Thank you for bringing it. Love this game :) Best app I've had so far Better than classic:-) This game rocks my frost time playing it on my phone dam papa Louie games rocks I hope they bring more of his games on mobile I love this games Ive played the Papa's Pizzeria on the computer so when this for the Android I just about fell over. The game lives up to my expectations. I love the game.  Thanks Finally!, a perfect game to play when you're bored or in the mood for food! Need an upgrade. I get bored with it after i upgrade all the items. But great game. Glade it came out on mobile Would get a 5 star if more stuff is added to the shop and have alot more customers waiting in line to make the game more intimidating Love it I love this game Other version is better an get wingeria other! Cool.like the one online I'm bored with it ! I've bought everything in the store. I've unlocked all the topping and stuff and I think most of the customers. can we get some more action here ? upgrades ? something?!?! Thank you so much for making this for Android! Hope you are making others too! I love this game its stupid, piece of crap, glitches, it is completely terrible and not worth the money Its good I like this games it very Fun never gets boring but need more shopping items Very good mobile version of the original game! Very smooth playing, no slowness or bugs so far and I'm on day 30 (after only two days) and have a pretty slow phone. BUT it gets boring quick. Need many more items in the shop, something to work towards. But you guys should make more mobile games please!!! I love papas games! Need to get papas freezeria its amazing :-) The best!!!!! Why the poor graphics This is a really good game, I'd like to see more things to buy in the shop in the next upgrade and maybe some more acheivements which can be accessed in a list Good app If you arent sure to get this you should Tjis game is so much fun I love playing it all the time! XD Addicted to it since the pc version. More games from flipline sudios!!! Love playing these games online. Please can we have thr others. I've played this game before it is awsome Bring all papas games to mobile! Love them :) This should really have more people buying it! Love it Its a very fun game and I believe that the website should change it to normal I love these games so much! Excited to see one on android. Cant wait for pancakearia!! Great job on the transition to touch devices. Would love to see the drag and pour motions used in the taco and pancake games emplimented in future games!! Looking forward to more great things from Flipline. :) Awsome U love this game! I used to play on my computer but since I found this game available on phone I can play anywhere I go. These games are amazing! Thanks Tony and Matt! And I was wondering if you could not make Rollie a closer? Thanks! I remember playing these games all through elementary and middle school, I really loved them and this is the last one I remembered playing. I just got a yen to play it one day so I looked it up and found these to go games, I've bought like 4 of them now. Completely worth it they're very fun and good time passers, plus the nostalgia is great. Really fun and interesting game no ads and it's not pay to win the only down side is that it cost money to download but I would recommend it to everyone who likes strategy games and cooking games. Its ok great game! Love playing Papa Louie's games Desktop, laptop or phone. Can't wait for the Papa's Mocharia. Hope it will be out soon 😍😍😍😍😍 A very challenging game. But sometimes, the game glitches and the controls are too sensitive or won't respond sometimes. Playing this game since 3rd grade Pretty good Super fun! I enjoy this game a lot. It definitely needs a big update though. Maybe newer customers, maybe new ingredients and holidays. More story. I downloaded this game because the web version would not longer be supported on Chrome. So I really hope they begin to update these games. Very. Very good game you should make a game called cakeria I love it. Great for time management and multitasking. The controls are a bit sensitive when it comes to building the sandwiches and cutting them. It's also annoying how some customers "talk" so slow when placing their order, end up overcooking order prior in the meantime. I guess that's more realistic though. Also, is it possible to add drinks down the line? It's better with the graphics!!!!! HAHAHAHAHA!!!!!! Get it? It's just phenomenal I cant even describe how happy I am that I bought this one instead of the other ones I really really hope that more people buy this! 🥰 If you like any other paparia games I would definitely recommend this one. Great game! Addictive! Only downer is you have to pay for it Gives me feels of back in elementary school when I would sneak into coolmathgames when the teacher wasn't looking :) This game is amazing! I love the papa games and I am a big fan of the papa series so overall making sandwiches and fries are just well done. The holidays, stickers, etc. It is all fun to play and I am very excited for the next game of the series! This is my favorite out of the papa games I've known this game for years and I have been addicted to it ever since. I used to play this online and now I have it on my phone. This is my favorite papa's game including Freezeria. Love these Papa's games I am addicted Just as good as the other new ones! I especially like the festivals in this one. It is so hard to drop it on Love it. So much fun. I love this game it's awesome I love flipline studios games! Always the best! Destress with this game! This game is a lot tougher than I expected, but not too tough. It win me over because it started out slow, but I get to hang of it. The guys at flipline studios are a genius at work.Thank you so much. Yep Love your games just that you can't save progress once Uninstalled. I got super closed to completing the game completely. Then git a new phone. It's a good game to play It's a little too hard This is hands down one of the best cooking games I've ever played! Its really addicting. Excellent!! This game is wonderful. There are so many ingredients for different seasons and holidays. But if you're bad at multitasking, I HIGHLY suggest you purchase timers for your cooking equipment! muy epico واو 😍😍 It will be nice if they had drink's. Great game for the whole family. I've always loved the papa Louie games on PC. Now on android I get to play on the go. Gameplay is great, no lag or glitches. Flipline, oh, Flipline. This game has BLOWN MY MIND!!! It is obviously a hard game and well, fry station is hard when you don't have both fry timers, but this is amazing! Nothing else to say, it's just using difficulty in a very fun way unlike pancakaria to go. (It's too hard!) Love it . I love this game 😍 Love This Game!!! BEST GAME EVER 1 million chef kisses for this game I love cheese you should too Best............ I love this game because it's so easy to control and the game is very nice I love this whole series! If there is just one thing I wish I could add it would be to create my own customer and make choose their favorite holidays and orders. If not a customer perhaps just a custom special where I can make my own unique sandwich. 😀 Very nice game!!! Also I want to give you an advice: You should try to translate the games to other languages, so people can understand, languages that are mostly spoken. Anyway everything else is perfect!!!!! Didn't work and now they won't even give me a refund Found a major bug,when you are making the sandwiches it puts extra cheese on it not what the customer wants I want a refund for the 1.99 I paid to play it. Sharon Z. I dont like how the slightest toxh can ruin everything Love the game! Btw, i got all Papa Louie To Go! Games! I'm on Valentine's Day😎😎😎 I enjoy all the Papa's games. I really like this one. I'm hoping pastaria will be going mobile soon. Teaches you how to cook Love this game and bought this and 4 other games for my birthday I WANT A REFUND! I don't like the game Love papas games but this one is not a favorite. Weird gameplay in my opinion. I wanna rate it 0 cause I can't get a refund I got it to try it out and i love the characters. I like how you can put blush and beauty marks on them also the wide variety of hair and skin color is wonderful. Although, for me the controls are very hard. I'd love for you guys to make this game into the HD version because I feel like it would be easier to play that way (: Love the game i just wish it had more ranks/levels. Extremely good game. However, you should try to add my minigames. Cool but the controls are a little clunker than the PC, it's done in a way where you can do things easier without your finger being in the way but it also means you have to relearn the buttons and stuff which is annoying. Doing the sauce and toppings just doesn't feel natural. Although other than that it's very engaging and distracting and is good to sink time into Grrrreat This is the best Flipline game yet!! Like all the ingredients you unlock! I also like the specials too! And how you can remove eveything at once instead of moving one piece of furniture at a time!! Love how Valentines day is back!! Havent seen that holiday in a while!!! Thanks for making this game!!! Its so easy! You can get a 100% on just about every order you take! And you can make so many differnt types of sandwiches its unreal! Love you guys Flipline studios!!!! u sure do the papa Pastaria too i liked one a lot The game is awesome. The only thing I don't like is that you when they place an order, it's so slow. By the time they finish with their order the food your cooking is burned. You should make it where you can move to a different station even if their placing order I like it, it is a good game and is also fun My brother and I love the online Flipline games and I decided to try mobile when traveling. Almost exactly the same, just optimized for mobile. No ads, can play offline just fine. Worth it to support the creators, you guys are awesome! OMG this game...... I can't even it is just TOO GOOD! GD PLOT TWIST UP IN THIS BUT anyway yeah it's a genuine good game I love this game but my game has been glitching out, so now I can't play any more. off you guys could update the game with bug fixes then I would love it. it works just fine on my ipad, but it won't work on my laptop. Looove it so much, when i was kid i played this game on pc. Now i can play it on the go with my phone. Time flies i guess Amazingly fun game. Sinked hours of gameplay into it! Doesn't make me hungry playing this game since I'm a vegan 🤷 Exceptional quality I love when new ones of these games comes out! So much fun! Please keeping making new ones! Very addictive and challenging. Not uninstalling this game any time soon. I might buy another just like it. Omg I love ALL these games own ALL that you guys created!! I can't wait it there more!! I love these games they are the best food service simulation series that consistently makes excellent and addicting games. Fully worth every penny every time! LOVE ALL THESE GAMES!! HOPE YOU GUYS ARE WORKING ON A PASTA-ERIA !!! It's a good game i like these games but i have to get the right setting for it to play right on my laptop...other than that it's all good!! I love this game it's such a good game This game is my favourite Papa's desktop game, I have been looking forward to the app for a long time and it did not disappoint. Great game all around. I wish there were even more customers as you climb up the levels and that there would be even more multi tasking. It gets a bit boring after 20 days in a row of getting 98-99% scores. I tried redownloading this on my other device but it says I need to purchase it again? It worked on my other purchased papa's games though. This Game is Aewsome! I have Bought ALL of these Games! So, FUN! Just a Note:... To everyone complaining about this Game, Lagging, Hanging or other issues...I Played this Game for over an Hour., NO Gameplay issues were Seen...I would Suggest adjusting your Device Settings & STOP! putting complaints to Flipline. GOOD Job & Keep it up, Flipline, looking forward to more Releases. Love the game, great controls, wish there was more to do after the year is over. Played this all the time in school, and now I can play it at home with no computer! Amazing game very interesting and so fun Some of it is really hard to get perfect. But its fun like all the Papas games Game keep messing up,i love it but it keeps glitching or stalling please fix it... Favorite of the paparia games so far! Love it. My Mood booster. Cheesy new year I am a fan of the game series. I have played everything on the web and cheeseria are my fav. Really great Love the game very relaxing I love it, really fun indeed i recemend buying this, but there is a problem where i tend to get stuck on some places and not being able to do anything flipline pls fix this I love this game so much!!!🙂🙂🙂 I hope you guys make another game! 😉 Amazing game soo much better than d original!! I play this game everyday in my computers class - I was so stoked when it came to mobile, I couldn't help myself. This is a great game! Great app overall but when delivering an order to both counter and delivery it becomes very laggy on the game making it slower. Not sure why this is but could be a programming issue. Another issue is that the slicer is small and compared to pc which makes it more difficult to perfect that slicing step after cooking a sandwich. Speaking of cooking it takes quite a distance to place a sandwich alarm on any of the cooking areas of the grill. Any way to put them on the left where space is available? I grew up playing Papa's games and I love to say that this game will never ever bore me. Keep it up! An amazing game, I hope sushiria and pastaria come to mobile. Flipline Studios keep up the good work this is another great papa's game i love it, as always. but can you bring sushiria and bakeria too? Very good one I love this game and I love all Papa's games. I am your fanclub. I love this game so far. I can see myself becoming addicted to this game very quickly. Love it I got it early? First! I don't need to play to know it's good. Flipline has been doing fantastic work on these games! Fun game but can be difficult at times Takes me back to when I was younger I looooove Papa's games😂💗 it is good!!! So much fun! I love all the different customers and holidays! This game is fun,but it gets boring if you play a lot tbh. I am literally ADDICTED. I can never stop myself from playing, I love it so much. I know the price makes it undesirable, but the game is SO worth it! Overall, great an seriously addicting game! Didn't play the game just yet on here.but I've played it on my school computer before . And it was all completed . Now to play on here! 😃 veryslow and makes weird noises Hi, I emailed you but you won't respond. I barely found out 3 days ago that my kids made this purchase without my consent, could I get a refund? I found out because they told me that same day it stopped working and it would appear as a black screen after pressing play. I'm guessing for them it was fun while it lasted ( could you check your support email? ) Thank you. Great game It is awsome I would like it better if it was free No special recipes It was a lot of fun with so much to choose from Awesome game really fun Best game ever! It's really fun when you get to make the orders. And I think its funny because you get grades on your cupcake making skills. And it's also fun because you get to play games and get brand new things. But what I don't like about it is that Mr.mallow is all ways hard to please and the ending people give you low scores and there also very hard to please. Loved it but would be good if more things were added Love it on cool math. But it's 3 dollars!? Wow This is an amazing game and if you are looking at reviews to see if you are going to download it, you definitely should! Well I lo e the game but it was getting a bit boring. Can you renew it? Amazing! :3 I loved the game because it has a such cool design and characters Love it.....PLEASE MAKE A BAKERIA AND A CHEESERIA🍰😓🙏😉🔜 Awsome cause it is so stragetic! I'm now on day 150 and I'm killing it! #WORTH IT Best... Game... Ever! Papa's Cupcakeria HD is so far my favourite Papa's game. The characters are adorable! The mini games are so much fun and the graphics are amazing! Can you make more Papa games for Androids like "Papa's Hot Dogaria? Or maybe Papa's Pancakeria? I give this game 5 stars! This game is AMAZING! It's fun and really addicting!  These coupons games are some of the best and this is no exception I love it! The most addicting game I have ever played in my life!!!! I think you should update where you get recipes like in the taco game LOVE LOVE AND LOVE.ok this is the best game ever just put all you papa games on app store i give you guys a 5 i love your games OK don't even get me started on how cute the people are and the things you can make are endless.I would rate this game five stars😆😊😰 Love this game so much, would give 5 stars but one day when I came back to play my high level file disappeared :( RUDY.I only see him once and see him in like two years The game is great. I am a fan of Papa's games, but the slider escape mini game is jumbled and pixelated so I can't see it correctly to play it. Please fix and I will give 5 stars. ⚾🎃🌏🌍🌎🗻🌋🗼🏩🏨🏥🏭🏠🏨🌋🌏🏫🏢🎠🚂🎨♨⛺🌉⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲⛲🚄⛺🌁🌌♨🎨🎢🎢🚓🚑🚒🚙🚗 It dom Cupcakes. Need I say more?! After a while it gets boring and I want a refund! I love this game so much,its fun,easy and it doesn't need any wifi.but i noticed there aren't really many papa louie games in phones?could you pls make a HD version of papa's bakeria?or maybe papa's pizzeria I play it all the time. I love the pc  version, this is the exact same thing! LOVE IT!!!💗💗💗💖💖💖💖💖💜💜💜💜💜💝💝💝💞💞💞💟💟💟 Please also add  Papa Donuts Its so fun I play it day and night So much better than the to go Great game but needs cloud save This game is truly awesome. Thanks for the awesome game Flipline Studios. Worth the 2.99 :) Cupcake This game is the best i love the sesons to it is a very good game Question tho, when do you plan on putting the rest of the other games on play store like the hot dog one, the donut, cheeseria, taco etc? I'm so addicted to this game!! Absalutely amazing and creative I have a Samsung tab 3 10.1 and it keeps shutting down. Could you make it compatible with my type of tablet please? It awsome Dont get the to go version of this, this one is way better its exactly like the pc one I've got this game on my desktop PC and love it, so glad this game is on my Samsung Galaxy Tablet, i can play it as much as i want now. I highly recommend to anyone. HD version is a lot easier and fun. I love it nope to see more Awesome!! Love it :) Why not? Amazing super fun and easy when your traveling I love it One of my fav games, love it really cool Changed my life Addicting and fun! I love this game! Fun Best app ever super fun Good game play more mobile then the computer game. It is too glitchy its the best no bugs and i play it for HOURS therevare not any bugs yet but can you add more toppings? btw I had this game for a while it got bored bc they almost ordered the same thing can you add more colors? oh! you could add a stage after you pick ur cupcakes color you know the vanilla and chocolate but it's like you can die ur cupcakes color to red or blue any other colors that will l make it more cool and interesting! (PS from ccΔ°here4you Excellent, almost like the pc version from years ago. So many new additions over the original and I actually get to save my data. I do dislike however that character customizations and the additional topping are missing from this game. Other than that, the game takes up very little space and runs perfectly on my device. I like it sm Great! It cool make cupcakes I really dont like the way it is played now. It's hard to place stuff and after playing on computers it's super hard. The old version was amazing Could be better if they sorted the picture quality out! COMSIQUI A CAPIVARA DE GRAÇA I love this when your bored play this is i act like I talk to the costumes It's great It a good game to play and I like cupcake This game is just too fun! I absolutely love this version of the game as well as the other games made by Flipline Studios. But how come there wasn't an option to customize your character? MY FAVS GAMES I PLAYED BOTH OF THOSE GAMES AT WORK ON THE COMPUTER ABC MATH WEBSET LOVE THEM I got this and the HD version, thinking I would try them both and refund the one I liked the least. This is the one I refunded as the graphics are awful and it's dissimilar to the PC version. The HD version is exactly the same as the PC version and the graphics are so clear! I would reccomend paying the extra 80p and getting that version. You won't regret it. I'm so happy about this game! Cause this game has no bug. So play this game if u boring. So I have 1 more game so is papa's donuteria. Thanks for the new game! Love it Great game! Until the phone dies! I like this game and I think it is ok that you should give some money to download it!! Really fun its my fav one because its easy Not really fun at all I LOVE the papas games! They are so fun and challenging!! AMAZING GAME! It teaches you how to make a cupcake and it helps you learn that and it's also fun to play I like it but it's sad that when you uninstall the game it does not refund the money .cuz some people want to remove the game and get a new one I need a refund An older version than the other games. Expected more ' Modern ' game graphics. Overall this is a great worth your money. If I knew it was an older version I would have boughton another paparia game and save this game for my last few choices. This is a great kid game awesome I really get to relive my past self. Great time killer and makes me feel like a real cupcake employee. I dunno 😒 The free version was way better. Ok but like started getting boring and basic It never saves while im during a day. I had to replay certain days so many times. Its so annoying. Bye Roaches <3 Fun to Kill Time It's so repetitive though, only 6 customers a day, but you get other things to mix it up. Still, I wish there was more variety to this game because it's fun when you need something to do! Papas cupcakeria is not a very good game and should be less money it would not let me refund the game. I am very unhappy with my purchase. By far the BEST of the "Papa's games"! Compared to some of the newer games I've played mobile this one gets me hooked every time. You just can't customize your character... Maybe that's why it has ⭐ 4.3. But don't let that hinder your decision on playing because you'll enjoy this thoroughly especially if you love Backflip Studios. Love it! can u add the sushira too? Finalmente um jogo em que se pode decorar 😘😘😘😘 It was kind of harder then the other games. I like the PC version of this one better. It's still fun and a great game but the controls were still a bit harder for me to understand. I love this game Not as good as the free computer game, graphics are trash and the controls are kinda blegh I think it should be updated to be like the newer games Loveeeeeeee Controls were better on pc. I will be playing papa's cupcakeria to go on July. Wouldn't let me get a refund Wow I'm so glad Really fun! Soooooo Fun Grafics aren't clear.. Not worth buy this one.. The others are better.. This game is old I really wish there was an update for this game to include the content someof the other games include such as character customization and holidays It's a fun game to pass the time and distract kids or adults. The graphics are cute and easy to play. The only downfall is some of the mini games move too fast makiing them very difficult for people with visual impairments. A little blurry and slow. The game is good, this is my favorite game but when I was a kid but I hope that we players can sync it to our google account so that whenever we decide to play in to another mobile device we can continue what we left off; It's a premium but no sync? Too bad for those free game who have already sync settings. And hopefully all the game that you have. I absolutely love this game! It's great to pass the time with and I just love it in general! I remember playing it on cool math when I was younger, so I'm excited it's a mobile game! It's a decent port, the controls are very different from the PC version. I prefer the PC version over this. build station score feels like it's determined purely by RNG great frosting x2: 96% good frosting x2: 98% but aside from that it's ok Oh my God I love it , it's the first game I bought on my phone 💖🧁👨🏻‍🍳 it is the best ....I also LOVE Papa's Donuteria, but I'm honoring this game, because this is the first game I have bought on my phone (but I've played it on my school computer(s), etc) and the game I used to mostly play before I got Papa's Donuteria. So thank you. C; Can't get refunds fun Could do better on quality, just aim for papas donuteria quality and sound quality and we good Love it B O R I N G!! This is nothing at all like the old mobile app I GOT FOR FREE on my kindle. That version was just like the PC,this one is no where near the PC. The graphic stink and are pixelly. You can't even make your own avatar and assistant in this game either. It's not as fun as PC so I dont reccomend this at all 😤👎 Childhood😍 Gteat app love it Hd update please This game needs to be updated this is for money it's too trash make it like all the other to go's Great game I like the this game because it was a little bit hard but i like this game! this app is amazing already 👌 already on level 76 The controls aren't explained and are horrible. It barely runs and freezes constantly. 'd like a refund please. please make it HD.. and customise too.. i really this game😭😭😭 i like the game but it should be like the pc version where you can pick up the toppings and spread them on instead of picking up and moving around the donut it is the best game i have play I'm glad that this game was put onto mobile, and I really enjoy the series. However, this game didn't live up to my expectations. While it does trigger some nostalgia, the graphics weren't as good as the others I've tried. I was hoping for some character creation and the graphics not bugging out while I played. fun I want a refund. I wanna make my own character and I cant one of the best baking games ever sooo bad all you do is bake cupcakes. BEST GAME EVER 😀😀😀😀😀 ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 1st of all you didn't see the n 2nd of all you looked back 3rd of all j know what you did 5th of all you looked at a J 6th of all I missed for 7th of all I said for not four but honestly I loved your game good bit repetitive but overall, awesome game it is vare fan great game BEST GAME EVER i wanna have the choose to make my own character and i hate the closers why can't they come when its open! and i hate them because they are way to picky! please update that...its so annoying. oh and the game has bad character graphics. please fix this game its awful. please give me a refund!! if you give me a refund I will rate more stars but I got bored of the game and I think you should let us refund when we uninstall it!!😡😡😡 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 i think now so because their stricted environment i will never like it i cant even talk the fun wats fun on it u shud end the trial games really really For this game I think you should add a drink station because what if someone wants a drink and they have none? hm? please take his into consideration. It's a great game I love all papa's games, cupcakeria is one of my absolute favourites. Addictive and so entertaining, I'm bummed that I can't make a character on this one though. Would you guys consider implemeting this feature? bought it and didnt like it but oh well. i used to love playing it on the computer but i dont really care for playing it on the phone. I love all of the other Papa games but this one isn't great. Does anyone know if you get your money back when you Uninstall it? good cant get a refund the game is horrible don't like it refund it but it won't let me This game us really fun but if you want more of these kind of games, my favorite one is the Scooperia. That one is really fun. This game should let you make your own character though. its a good game to play without wifi or data and its really fun if u like a challenge Awesome Game, In my opinion the best one out of the entire papa franchise. never playing again 😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠 I loved the game, but the game won't work after a while. plz fix. You need to upgrade your games please add Papas Sushiria Only if you could make the pizza one like this with the mini games this one is the best all I need is the wing one and I have them all there the best I hope they make the cheseria one on mobile Meh. it's ok. when I first started playing it I couldn't stop and now its just boring I love all the papa's to go games im hoping to see the papa's bakeria to go game available for purchase and/or download soon!!!! I didn't my money back web version is much better, don't buy, not worth it I hate this app do not by it, it will destroy your life I Uninstalled it and I didn't get my money back this is something they should give back to you 1. the hour it spent installing it (and before you start saying you oveisly have bad Internet think againe we have great Internet) 2.your money 3. you dignity. so in conclusion do not and I repeat do not by this app. fun and advice game I really liked it but it costs alot for a little game awesome Like it It really awesome I love it this game does not work on my device and i did not get a refund. I absolutely love it! :D Can I get the option of a refund? Always my favorite LOVE IT love It is super fun but i think no games should cost money thogh Big mad I had to pay real life money fo this Absolutely love this game. To compare to the computer version to give you a good idea of what you're paying off for: - No character customization: so unfortunately I'm not playing as Kurt Cobain like I usually do, but that also means that you aren't getting clothing as prizes, just furniture that actually benefits you in the game, which is cool. - Since you're on a phone, the frosting is soooo much easier to do! Big plus. However, it feels much clumsier overall due to the fact that you have to click three times to go from finishing an order to taking an order instead of immediately clicking over to the area you want. - You only get $2.50 per raise instead of $5, and you earn the same amount in tips so that kinda sucks long term. - Much less floor space for decorating, so you're limited to how OP you can make your lobby room waiting bonus. - For an extra $5, you can purchase all of the upgrades and still have money left over for holiday decor without playing further than the tutorial if you want a huge advantage in the game XD - Most of the mini games are a lot easier due to playing on a touch screen and having more accurate control, but the Speedway mini game is replaced with what is essentially slot machine pairing where you need to have very precise timing and the hallway game is missing, might be some other changes but I don't remember exactly. -Tickets automatically have specific spots they sit in so you don't have to worry about keeping them in order. - Be careful with topping station, it's touchy, especially at the cherry/marshmallow/etc part. But overall, totally worth it if you wanna play Papa's on the go, the only thing about this game that isn't amazing is how you switch from station to station. This is terrible I would like a refund I love this game!!!!! It is super fun, and you dont need wifi to play! Im  in love with the looks and decorations on the cupcakes. They also look very  yummy ❤😀😁 I recommend this game for kids and adults who like time  management games. It also helps me with time...! Super goid!! And also, it  doesnt have ads!!! Which is goid, because you already bought the game, and  u dont need to buy it! It's an amazing and fun game its easy to play and very entertaining I want to play others games Papa's pancakeria Papa's wingeria Papa's  sushiria Papa's bakeria Papa's Donutria And all Papa's louie game Can u make papa pancake I love this game because it goes by holidays and it's in the cupcakes  papers they go by the holidays as well and some dust up cupcake batter and  cupcake icing and cupcake chicks and I love this game because it has the  game takes a long time that's why I love the game so much I think the game is great but people come I to lines too fast in my opinion Great I really like the game because you have to challenge yourself to think. I  have one major major issue: there are so so so many ads which kills the fun  in the game. Please upadate for other papa's game🙏 im so loving it ! 💜💜 Lol I love this game The website version is better Great game Good Fun game.Great pass time. Fun to play and good for skills Good as it is on coolmath except now i can save my progress. I love ít I love it I wish I could get a refund! This game is just the worst!!! 11 out of 11 I got this because I loved playing it ont the computer. This was one of my favorite papa games partly because you could customize so much. That's why I decided $2 was better than the $1 for the other papa games. I was a little disappointed with the costumization aspect. You can't customize the character at all and the rooms are customized differently. That's why I only have 4 stars. Over all though I am happy with my purchase and definitely believe it's worth downloading. It would be great if i can move this app into my new phone because i dont want to start over.  my rank 110 T^T... I need a refund Awesome It's fun and addicting It is fun. This is the best game I have played! Its fun and addictive. I suggest you buy this game I love  the  games can you  make  them for  free 😍😘 Yum It's fun I love everything  about this game Good! I like it I 💗 this game I really really really do so can you make more games like pretty please 😁😁😁😁😁😁😻😻😻 I like ❤ Love this game. It is so relaxing and fun #funnest game ever!!!😋 I love this stupid game Its super great! The cost is totally worth it! Its just as fun as the computer version!!! Good to skip time 😀 It's absolutely terrible. It won't even let me refund it. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!!! It was fun... I really like it, my only concern is that there should be more critics to earn more ribbons. Ribbons for waiting, the batter, the baking and the building. Also more order slots, at the least 2 more. Interesting game. Only bad thing is that my screen is too small! I think its the best game I've ever played I loved this game it was like baking cupcakes just like at my moms real bakery Great game for road trips I honestly love pappas games and l have downloaded all of them and this is my favourite game of all time It's not to many ads but its just to many graphic problems sometimes not very bad but just bad enough, anyways it's very fun so go ahead and press that download button!😄 AWESOME! Best game ever Hey guys, i love the game and bought it, downloaded it, but after a while i didnt want to play it anymore so i uninstalled the app and tried to click the refund button but it wasnt there. Do you know how to refund the purchase? Thanks ❤ It took me a while but I finally got to level 65, "Better Than Papa" and now I can give an accurate review of how feel about this game. It's a fun, cute time management game.  Sometimes it can get a bit repetitive. It doesn't take too long to buy the upgrades you need or to master tapping to make the cupcakes. But variety is added in the mini games, holidays, and new things being added. This makes it easier to keep playing.  The biggest problem I have with this game is the sound doesn't stay off. You have to turn it on every time.  Is this game worth the two dollars? Is this ad free, fun, cute game that the developers clearly put effort into worth two dollars? Yeah! More developers should be like Flipline Studio. There are no ads and even though they have in game purchases they aren't pushed on you and they definitely aren't needed.  So if you like time management games and cupcakes for sure buy this game. Love it! I think this game is a great time passer I love me some papas games! I think it is a fun game and I like it Can you add the rest of these games on here plz? Keep doing games like these Is really good This game is a good time killer .it's super easy and fun 🙃🙃🙃 I LOVE IT.u should download it its good for teens and kids.27 and up Cool game I love this game! It's so much fun to play. The only thing I don't like about this game is that let's say you're at the decorating station, you have to press the right side 4 times to take someone else is order. My favorite part of the game is when the seasons change I think there's like 10 maybe 13 seasons and it's really fun when the aplienses changes with the season! 😉😜 I love the game but after a while i earn thousands of money and i have already bought eveything! I have repeated the same holidays 20 times and still waiting for pirate day, onion day, mapple day and the others I can't say anything bet this game is fun and tell the people that I found more papa games they will be so happy that more people will play wich =$$$$$$$ NOT  WHAT i THINK BETTER YET HOW & WHAT i FEEL IS BLUE YES,  YES MY HUSBAND, MY LOVE FOR ME FEELiNG BLUE HOW HE iS ACTiNG 2 M3 ❗️❗️ The graphics are amazing. Plus when you buy it then uninstall it you don't have to buy it again #GENUIS!!! This game is addictive. All the "Papa's" games are. So glad I can play it wherever! Just wish there was character customization in the to go games like on PC. Its very entertaining Awesome💕 Hard to get to the holidays Super fun and addicting! Great game! CUPCAKE Its good but u have to wait for the uven sooooo long its bad with the over wait time May the unicorn horn live on Cool Can you please add all the papas games!! Love this one! But please make a hot dogeria my all time favorite Kinda boring This game is really fun and I love all the papa louie games that you made. I am on a high  quality level. I love this game. I absolutely love all the papa's game's. They are really fun and addictive. Would love if you add more to the play store. Definitely will buy them. It didn't work just gave me the black screen. Flipline, aka Tony and Matt, your games are great! ! Fun for the entire family! THANKS. PS. I too wish for DONUTERIA to go, its my favorite one :) Best game ever. Helping me prepare my future Love it Well I payed money for this and it did not let me have a refund Keep adding more i love  it Love this game 90% I love this game and all the other games from the website!!!  I'm wondering what which papa game is going to be an app. I'm excited to see what is next! it sucks It's a good game. It's pretty fun. I like Papa's Cupcakeria because you can make cupcakes. Really good game. It's almost like the computer game, except I don't have to have a computer. It's portable. I love it his game!!! It is so so so good. This is my second favorite one I loved it! Please add wingeria. Love 😃😎😎😎😎💖💖💞 I love this game but it keeps messing up. It happens in the bake  station and the batter station. Please remove this bug. I am so satisfied Easy to use and alot of fun i sujest downloading this app Beat all9 Good It's okay This is almost as good as the computer version! I'm happy that you put mini games in. (Unlike papa's freezeria)Would it be alright if you made a to go version of all the papa games? It would be so much fun to play the other papa games on my tablet! This is the best game ever  Everyone ever loved it so much thanks work and I just had so much fun playing 🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕 Cool It is too easy to accidently delete save files!!! 😣😢 I absolutely love the game and can u make a paps dounteria its my favorite one out of all of them pls and thank u awesome Really easy and addictive I didn't waste my money very good game I have purchased it .. but unable to install it..It shows download pending It is AWESOME! !!! I LOVE IT I love it but  but it's too big it cuts off the side of the screen to where I can't see some things , like the button that speeds up the baking in the 1st oven Awesome way to have fun I love how Fun it is and i didn't waste my money for nothing.😄😄 Did not  use all my money for this game Kkkk Its really fun, and awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeee you'll love it same with papas freezeara mine was free ;) also papas freezeara I have played every Papa's game, since forever. The only disappointment I had was that there was no custom worker option available, as there is on the computer version of the game. Custom workers have been a part of the game since Papa's Hot Doggeria I believe, so I was slightly let down once I saw that option was not there. All in all, still a great game. I love the game its so much fun. I would like it if the game game could have parades. I love whatching them. It's simple, but in ways the complexity makes it fun This a awesome game. I really wish that there were more -eria games available!!! Like seriously all I want to do is bake donuts, bake pastries etc. I'm not interested in chicken wings and pizza and burgers (though I have bought ALL available games. From a loyal customer/player please give me the bakeria or donuteria I really like these games, they're great for passing time. I really hope you guys make the hot dog one for mobile. I love this game, it's addicting. Awesome Sooooo addicting!!! I'm always a fan of the papa game they are just so fun! Could you make a Papa's Sushiaria as an app like on the computer? That would be awesome! Not too bad I want my money back it always closed once I open it I love this game big fan Addictive and it was cool I love  all the papas games I will get all of them A fun game, but I wish you could get more customers per day It is such a fun game, they should make all the papas games for to go U uninstall for 5 minutes it clears ur progress. There is no character customization. Very laggy. The pc games are way better and free.                        I WANT A REFUND I hated it I had to pay for the game and it won't let me get a refund It is amazeballs and addictive I was suprised how quickly i caught on. Don't buy this app, the version on the computer is free and has way more content. Plus better resolution. I was very disappointed after purchasing this app and wouldn't recommend buying it. Easily my favourite to Go Gameria. The to Go games are always the best ones you make I think I have been playing these games over 3 year + since my kids told me about them. And I love them. It doesn't have good service but it is fun to play please more papa games Love it as always.  Really cute. Like this game a lot, but Cheeseria would be awesome to have! Sorry but this is boring can I have my money  back? Me and my friend were obsessed with this game it was amazing and there's other Papa's Games Its awesome because you get to learn and have fun at the same time Cute characters and I love the seasonal toppings I loved it because I've never played it before but I really like the app because it's similar to the HD version and I've never played any to those before and I like all the Papa Louie games I haven't played any to go games butt this is my first one and playing this is the first time playing up to go game and I'd like to see the difference but I love it I love this game so much. Lit waste of my money. I prefer high-quality apps. I would certainly like a refund. WHY CAN'T YOU CHANGE YOUR CHARACTER?!? All I wanted was to be myself and THIS is what you give me?!? Refund me now! I want my money back! But they still need a doughnut one!😃 Well I have got some the other games that this company has made and this one isn't the best one they have made but it's ok I suppose 😐😐 Wow. Even better than MAma Awesome amazing great fabulous cool fun I play it all the time!!!😂 So much fun but on the computer u have taco Mia could you make a "Taco Mia to go" for phones?😂😂😂😁😁😁 So much fun When i played it the cupcakes already cooked, but when it changes from the cook section to topping section, the cupcake was raw. What happened? If it is not fixed, it's a waste of money. On the other Papa's Cupcakeria you can add more toppings than on the To Go version. I don't understand why they decided to do it this way, but it kind of takes away from the experience for me. Love this game I love playing on my tablet Best game for cooking!!! I prefer the online version.. I want to know how I can get a refund This game is awesome although I never get a perfect in the frosting section... But  this game is still very addicting I love it always fun This game is my life.💟 My cupcakeria thinks its valentines day and its not I like it but I wish it was a bit harder Its no fun i love all papa's games It won't let me get a REFUND. The game is awesome but is basically the same as all the other Papas games. I don't know why it costs a dollar more than the others it no better than they are. The controls are so different in the to go version that they take a while to get used to. But it is very fun and the graphics are great. The characters are funny and the game is very colorful. I love all there games but please bring out papas chessirea I love it so much Character customization is an important key to success in games AWESOME, AWESOME, AWESOME, This is so fun! I love this game so much!!! Im on rank 27!!! And even there's more than 120 ranks... can you please make more levels? My sister is on rank 130. Thanks flipping studios!!! Keep up the good work!!!😃😉😭 And it was worth it! Great game for those slow moments in life. Very fun:) Bh I LOVE IT!!!!!😅 I loved it pls bring more out like cheese and taco. I cant believe that this game only cost 2$ dollars!#! Its a good game and so addicting you should add wingeria too Even though it does get boring it's so addicting Love it! Great game! Love this series! The game rocks! I just wish we could create our own worker like on the computer game! PLEASE make this happen for the apps!! Great game but can you make the other games like this one I always love flip line games...I'm just sad that Wingeria isn't available for me to download. Is it even for android? If not then...why not? This game is grate to pass time, and its so addicting I cant stop playing worth the money 👌✌ For some reason I can never get the toppings right I love this game so much If u don't have it yet u need to get it it's so fun Please make Papa's Bakeria an app for phones as well as the others that are out instead of only Tablet. If you could make it so that you could make your own character that would be great!!!!! I LOVE THIS GAME I love this game so much I'm on rank 195 and it's so addicting but........ can you please make the other papas like in one whole app so people don't have to buying each one of them please (oh and by the way can you please make cheeseira I love that too) thxs👍😸🙌🙆 Super fun and Addictive! I'm addicted I truly love it It never lags and it's time comsuming I love this game because its so fun I've been a fan of Papa's games since Pizzeria, and each game after has only gotten better. You did a fabulous job porting this one to mobile, the controls are smooth and it looks and runs great. Awesome job! Keep it up! Ok Why are the games paid? 😦 I wish we could make our own characters like on the computer games. Nice game I love this game. different customer, different order and the sound when baked muffins, very attract me to always play this game. I dont mind if I need to pay if I can play this game like a real situation. 👍👍👍👍 My kids really enjoy this game. I've tried it too and found it fun and challenginf I love this game I can play it all day the only part that I think is tricky is the part were you put the icing on it I mean I wish you could make it easier Funish Epic, Cool, Awesome I love the flipline/Papa's line of games! I wish more were compatible with my phones. Guys.. I really love flipline and a love all the games on the pc! But... it would just not install!? It's so sad, cause I love all of the games...and it always takes ages to install.. I actually have papas freezeria on my phone.. it's great 💕 Fix the bug where when you pour the batter so it doesn't glitch and quit pouring  when you're not done yet I love the photos No lag! Omg this is the best game ever u love it 5 star 󾠲😀 Love it butt😊I wish you could make your person like in the computer.Awsome that yallput when you put furniture that matches with the holiday it improves the waiting score because I suck with the waiting part and if yall woudnt have put that iwould be dead😖😵😵😲😲😖😖😧But yall saved me.😇😇😃😅😝😁 Love it but online they have a donutaria and much more games like this plz put more games like this on Google play store Really like this game, I also play papas freezer and was wondering if the foodini games and the holidays would be added to that game as well? High It so fun Love it love it love it!!! This game is very entertaining and creative and I like it a lot It's really addictive and fun to play. Paid in app money as well only for it to crash every time I play it... Very addicting 😃 I love it I always get 3 tickets :) it is horrible Love it I had to pay but it wouldn't install I love all the papa Louie series games. I just wish they had all of them in the play store especially the hotdogeria one. Can you make it so we can create our own character please becouse i get of the same character. I really loved it I like it Boring! I really like this game,it can get a little boring sometimes but as you go through the levels, the thrills just keep coming. Amazing I love flip line but the graphics are super blurry. Flip line needs to try harder for Android. I love the game but I think you should make the papas bakeria for mobile... I downloaded this game awile ago and I was sooo far and I luved it!! I was on rank 21!! Then I accidently uninstalled but I figured since I already played for it all my progress would be there when I re installed it. But I was wrong!! I had to start all over and I was so far in the game!! Plz fix and I will rate 5 stars!!!!! Cupcakes Can you PLS MAKE THE DONUTERIA it. Is my favorite.!!!!! I was wondering if you can do more papa's games like bakeria, pasteria, donuteria, all those things in pc i would really appreciate it. This game is awesome It worked  really  good  for surpise. So entertaining and fun. Also it is very time consuming. I just wish it was free. I could have gotten it last year. The blurry graphics hurt my eyes I'm having so much fun on this game. It's pretty much the same as the one on the computer, you just have to get used to the controls. It is a bit slow for baking so i just bought a booster and that works great! At the start I was a bit worried as it took a while to load and it was just a black screen, but then it worked. The other thing is that it's a little blurry, I guess I'm kinda used to it now though. Thank you, Flipline Studios, you've done a good job! I wish I could have some and I have a cupcake keyboard twinzies this is a awsome game  they should add all the games that are on pc to the to go kind I tried 5 times it still not let me download! I love this game + cooking Very boring and quite painful at time my fav the wing... It's alright but can't seem to stick to the game. Constant ads popping up. Not something I can enjoy and continue to play It is taking forever to install I like the game but why take this long I Love love the game!! But i am on level 28 and still cannot get a good score when it comes to the decorating!! Any tips? I wish we could customize our characters though I love the game Hats off, Flipline! I love this company and all of their games! I hope to see more papas games for the phone! It was a pain to cook ME WANT REFUND!!!! I love all of these games, it would awesome if you guys created a Papa's Coffeeria or something where you can make coffee It won't let me tap on the ice cream to pour in the cup to many ads and I can't even get a refund! I play it at school I want my money back it is stuiped and boring I love it but the problem is that it doesn't have the same toppings and frosting as the PC but the game is still great I want my refund would not load after I tried 5 times. And I have plenty of space left on phone memory. I had to delete it though because of the price ik its only 1.99 but your otherones are like 0.99 but yeah His game is awesome I'm on day 57 Like the other game to this game good This app is way better then HD version Love it Cool and really fun Addictive too. I've completed the papa's freezeria one so can do this one and I think this one will be better than that one Idk Its really fun, and adictive I DON'T CARE, I LOVE IT! AWESOME Only thing, no refunds? Please do refunds and I will rate 5 star! I don't buy games but for some reason I buy these games. I use to play this on the computer but now I play it on my phone it's so awesome and addicting! Lags to much I tried to download it the first time but I had to do it five more times and it wasn't to do with the Wi fi Please make more games Stuuuuuppppppiiiiidddd I'm hungry because I like this game Anyway i can get a refund and buy freezeria or something?i didnt like this one. I like the burger one, hof dog one and pancake one. LOVE IT harder and different than the computer version ): Yay!!! I wish they put papas cheeseria Addicted I love this game all the papa's games plz make it for the HD It looks like the game was designed for a screen the size of my thumb with how stretched out and pixelated it is on my screen.  Ruins the experience Love it. You should have all the papa's games on here I give it ***** I love this app it is soooo fun to play I am obsessed! The frosting is so hard to put on and it is so hard to get the batter just right. I would like my money back, please. Loved it Had to reset my phone recently and am disappointed to have lost all my progress. I've actually made iap for this game, only to have to start all over and lose everything. Otherwise would've given it 5 stars. Love it 👌 Totally love all of papa Louie's games When I tap the app it makes the screen go black.after a few seconds all it does is play the music while the screen is STILL BLACK!!I hated it.it is better on pc Love playing on laptop I love this app! I have got all of the other games but this one is the best and much more challenging witch is godd for me (others might not like it) but for me best game Other than the Freezeria one I love this one too. Both version phone and computer. Like a lot of people you have to get used to the controls. If you play it on the computer you get different toppings and the controls differ. And if you play know computer it has foodinis games that Freezeria doesn't have which is like an extra bonus. Been waiting for this game since forever!!!:) I bouht when first because my mom likes the series  she HATED IT This game is amazing and all papa games are and I hope they release all their games on mobile I hope they release all their other games on mobile soon. I don't  want  this  game my lil sister  brought this and I don't want it I played it and I loved it because you get to make cupcakes It is so cool it is my number 1 favorit game It's ok Amazing Game   Only problem is the closers and the topping where you are putting on the cherries apart from that a very good game worth the £0.77 My favorite Great game but after having it for one day my icing on the cupcakes wont work. The icing freezes but everything else works. Please fix for the rating it deserves Why the heck this app cant while the other apps can Love this game so much! I've had no problems with it =) I just love it I really like this game it is really fun and I like it a lot Please make all of the flipline games I been playing papa for yrs, and I love them. Im so happy their making them mobile now. I can't wait for more I hope another comes soon.＼(☆o☆)／ I absolutely love papas games I use to play them at school now I want them to make more It's good but I'd pay an extra dollar for graphics it's  nice it has the shop and mini games though You should let us make are own character. This App Sucks So Bad They Can Keep My Money Omg love this game ✌✌the game stop working I can't play plz fix I always got a great on icing and got around 90% every time. Then I get perfect on each of my cupcakes following the instructions perfectly and got 20%. Also some things I've noticed as well. If you burn a cupcake but hurry up and make a new one they still dock you on your baking. I think that should only be on the cupcake your making and should only affect your waiting score. Also you tend to get a worse score on your icing if it is tilted to the right than if it was tilted to the left. Perfecto Amazing!!!!!!! Finally! They brought in the minigames from the computer version! Next thing you need to do is put the minigames in all Papa's "To go" games. I recommend. Now on to the issue. The building part is messed up. I made an almost perfect cupcake in building and I got a 26% 26?! Okay.  Then, when I pretty much messed up the cupcake, I get a almost perfect score. Please fix this and this game would be perfect. Its a game thats awesome i really love this game good way pass the time and have fun too I have only played on the computer so to have one of the funniest games on mobile is awesome. I love the papa's _ria games they made the right decision making them I love this game you make cupcakes Loved it It's a great game, but the building part is really strict. One time I got a perfect and great on the icing and put all the right things on the cupcake. When I gave it to the person I got a 38% for building. However, when I got a great on both cupcakes for icing and accidentally put something wrong on the cupcake I got a 91% for building. Please fix this! Want more of these please Can we get the pancakeariia or dontuaria but great Game! I love is game so much🙌🙌 My favourite game I am addicted Fun and addictive just like the others. I prefer to have the to go games on my Galaxy then my computer so it's completely worth it for me to own. The game it's self is easy to grasp and learn the controls. I don't see why we would need to buy more tips with in app purchase when we have many days to earn the tips to buy the decorations and upgrades as its the objective to unlock and enjoy the game. Outstanding work and I can't wait for more from Flipline Studios. 😊 I love all the papa's games. They are fun and addicting. Keep adding more for the same price Please make donuteria and doggeria too! I've been a fan for long lol This is another great game from Flipline Studios! I like it, although the cupcakes take a while to bake. Other than that, it's a great game! I love this games If its called "papas cupcakeria to go" why doesnt it have a delivery services added to it? Very addicted this game So so so good game Make more papa games. I've bought all the others! And I love this one! Love that they added holidays and mini games and yet its still only 99c! Waiting for pasta and hopefully they make sushi or something :) Flipline have done it again. Adding holidays and minigames is an amazing feat. Gratz guys! I've been a fan of the Papa's _____eria games for quite awhile Just another perfect Flipline game. ;-) Omg this game is my LIFE I LOVE PAPA GAMES. GO FLIPLINE STUDIOS Love the mini games!! So happy Love it! This was something I requested from Flipline in the past so I'm very happy! This app is the best Truly amazing game Love it! Is worth it❤️ I want my money back but I can not get my money back Phenomenal I love all of their games super fun it doesn't take wifi so its a really good game for on the road in a car. I think they should make more like a boba tea or a sweet treat one like cookies or macaroons. This game is super fun (and so are the other ones) and I hope you will like it too. These games never get old. Good job, guys. I love this game! I used to play it on my computer, but due to flash shutting down I couldn't play it anymore. I was really happy when I found out there was a mobile version. While it does cost money, it is worth it! I love how it adds the new game mechanics like holidays, daily specials, and character customization. This game was alright whene you put the doughnuts in the frieing tray it was slow but the rest of the game was ok also the costermers were a bit picky but whene you start the game the costermers where not that picky I love this game! It helps you with time management, and it is very fun! I would DEFINITELY recommend this to everyone! If there was an infinite rating of stars I would! Everything great but it gets boring. Do jacksmith I'm not sorry creator A perfect game just a perfect game thats all Best game ever, used to play this on pc, well, every game of flipline studios was my deal, so I'm happy to spend money for this one. 👻 I really love this game did bring up to my childhood again Addicting. Doofy and fun. My child got me into this game and it's a great time killer lol. Playing this sort of cooking game gets me a bit manic, your mind going a mile a minute to multitask- so it's Just as good as a shot of espresso to your brain. Follow the tutorial tips to perfect your scoring based on the judging criteria. I used to play this game onlne on a website, it was one of my favorites. The game brought me back to my childhood, and although simple meant a lot. With Flash Player no longer is service, the games online were stripped, so I tried looking elsewhere. When I found out that there was mobile, I knew I had to download it. The controls are easy to follow, theres more to do in this version, as well as being more up to date. It has been and continues to be a favorite game of mine. I highly reccomend. Epic Tony is actually one of the developer's One flaw so far. For the fashion Flambé game, sometimes I get it wrong for having one extra accessory even though I vividly remember never putting on that accessory. Is this a glitch, or an intentional game design? Because if it is intentional, please get rid of it. You're already being rushed by the timer. You put on the stuff you remember and hit check. You dont look back to see if you've got everything because then time might run out. At least for me I never look back. Honestly you get more then what you pay for. No ads you can level up without boosters or with them, you can decorate the lobby how you want and your avatar. The game has different leveled custoners and tge higher ranking you are the more customers you get a day. You can add specials and dress/ decorate according to the different fun holidays. 10/10 would reccomend for children and teens for a casual time passer. it won't lat me downloadin the app This the BEST Meh I like the game, however this game does have a glitch where it makes weird noises in Android. Once this is fixed, I will pay for more games and on iOS. Cool game, lasts a long time and has so many features like seasons, raters, specials, mini games you can play for extra tips or items for your shop, and you even get points for dressing for the seasons as well. To slow I love especially I bought the custom from the papa Luis and it's more awesome Great Good Game Best so hard I love this game but please fix the LAGGG!!!! 🙏🏼 This game is sooooooooooooooooooooo fun and i got rid of it cuz my mama got an app that made it go bye bye i was sad This game is amazing, it is so fun I can't stop playing it. (Highly recommend) Coooool!!!!! I would give it a 5. But when you accidentally press the part where you put stuff on the dount. If you press it with 2 or 1 only donuts you can't go back and you have cook it all over again. Can you please add a button that puts the donut back and it's blank. So when you do it accidentally you don't need to cook it again. It's just simply awesome So funn Try the game is a good one. and is so you can dress yourself. And watch fgteev video cuz he plays it ok five stars wit wot!!!!! Nice donuts A very nice game I have been playing since it came out on their website finally getting it on mobile... it becomes a little difficult when you have to immediately shift from one area to another especially if something is in the deep frier. If the buttons were different it would be better. I really love their games. LOV THI GAM I .messed on the first few donuts but after that I thought I had done everything just right but I never made any money. I dont understand what was wrong with the donut. It was not fun for me I love it, it's so easy and fun to play totally worth the money The Classic Papa games It's very fun and entertainment is definitely in here It's improved but still feel nostalgic nonetheless! The best app transition from PC to mobile. I think this is my favourite one of all. Completely worth the money! Entertaining and incredibly enjoyable. Just like all previous games, with plenty of good additions and challenges that don't take up a lot of time. A good game to play when you just want to pass the time. It's dope The game is ehh ok, but I want a refund. It does not allow you to get a refund and theres this game I found and I really want it. So, can you please let us get refunds. Please. This game is amazingly well done grate thinking I like this game because of my own business and the best of luck to all of your choices Flippen GREAT DOUNUT 👉❤🍩🤤🍽 🍓🤤🥰😐🧀🐀🐰🥕🐇🦖🥩🍖 I love this game so much! I have just wrote my experience on Scooperia, and now I'm writing it for Donuteria, and honestly, Donuteria is my favorite papa game. So fun and enjoyable! I love it, great job FlipLine studios! 👍 Making Delicous Donuts to For the Customers With the Help of Papa Louie! Goooooooooooodddddddd Great game to play in your free time! Instagram I've been playing this game for years and years and I still enjoy it. Great time management game with fun character designs, character and restaurant customisation, fun minigames and to top it all off, delicious looking doughnuts. Good I am getting the order right but it gives me a little score 🤓🤯 All the games are fun and great i just wish the would add papas pastaria Love it It a good game to play and I like dounts Very nice game!!!😄😄😄 its much easier to play in mobile than in laptop/PC. It's awesome So far so good! A little different from the PC, but it's easier! In the PC version you need to be more precise in making the donuts and this version makes it easier. I'm so happy I can finally support Flipline because you guys are seriously awesome and I miss your games! Donuteria is my favorite so I bought this, definitely recommended 👍 I love this game. But can you make connection account for back up the game. So we can continue the game if we changed device. Amazing 💜🍩 Amazing Love it , definitely worth the money . PLEASE make pastaria available for phone apps then everything will be complete 💙 I hate it ugly It is a fun game but I wish there was an alarm for when the donuts were done on one side Love this game It's great 😊 it's just that I wish the to go versions were free. I mean the flash ones are free why not to go (hd can still cost money though) Love it Very addictive Love the game, I beated it I reached Sky Ninja Returns and met Papa Louie :D I'm on the second St. Paddy's Day! Just one word amazing 💖😎💕👑👌🏻 I've waited so long for this I never actually intended on getting it just, HOOKED me in I guess 10 out of 10 for me to be honest on windows and android it's the same it's also amazing Zackscottgames Fgteev Fun and d and love you all that Derek The banana split movie I grew up with this game and I was thrilled when I found out you could get the game on mobile. For such a small price, this is an awesome game! Five stars!😃 Extra fun it's to fun for life itselfeven though it may just seem like a boring donut making games it's actually a really really fun games 10 out of 10 I recommended Good game So cool The best game ever Nice game Five stars!😀 Very well made To Go! game. One of the best build stations. Fantastic! I enjoy the level of focus I have to put into the game. Good You outdid yourself 🙂 Exellent graphics, various donut shapes and specialties makes this game one of the best Papas games. Keep up good work ❤ Love it It's an amazing game!!!!!!! I like it Verry good game I LOVE THIS GAME! NO REFUN I love this game I get lots of custimers😀😀😀😀 and tips. I love it so much bc i love the toppings and the iceing and the customers This app is amazing. Thank you 🖤 The game was great and im giving 4 stars because when I played this game a second time on computer it doesnt let me in the game and i sometimes give people the order they want but I sometimes get a bad score so I ended up deleting the app so pls update this app for the 'not allowed to play' bug can be fixed and that will be very helpful my sister used to have it then she deleted it now I'm downloading and it is to long to download I love it I was pleasantly surprised at the overall look of the game, the changes that were made to the UI make the game easy to play on a small screen. though the controls can be confusing, there is really not much that I would change The character should of saw the job coming if he got a jump line pass, other than that these games keep me busy and i love then These games are so addictuve when I'm really sad or something I just play and sometimes it makes me feel better that I'm trying to buy all of them Fun Its an awesome game! I would recommend it to everyone. I just wish they had all the other Papa's games though like Papa's Pasteria, Papa's Sushiria, and Papa's Bakeria. Even better than its Y8/Flash counterpart. There are still the seasons and holidays, customizable characters and place, even the minigames, but what's new are the additional features which really had me addicted like the sticker collection. Added complexity i.e. the featured donut recipes are a +1. Really worth the money. It's so fun Not everyone is doing it The graphics are less laggy and sometimes the donut spreading is a tad hard to deal with. This game is great Period It's like I'm back in my computer class all over again Hi I'm back remember me I'm the one that gave stares to papas freezarai Good. This is exactly what I wanted!!! Great game, just needs some new features because I'm already on day 47 and there is literally nothing else for me to do and it's getting repetitive Saw on on a video my daugther was watching, and I installed this so my kid can play. Now both of us are enjoying playing the simple yet challenging mechanics of the game. Good and fun casual game. Flipline Studios, if you see this review please respond. I know you guys need your money, but I would really appreciate it if you made cupcakeria free. I don't have enough money to buy it and I really want it. I gave you a five star review so please make cup cakeria free. Best game eeeeeeeeeveeeeeeer!!!!! This is the best One of my favorite papas games... MADE EVEN BETTER! Download it is so fun but a little hard Bought this game two days ago and I have to say that I love it so much!! Papa's Games in general are my faves! Graphics is crispy clear, tutorial is easy to understand, all in all I love this game! Keep up the great work! Very fun and kind of stressful lol. Sometimes I need to take a break after playing. Really good for developing time management skills One thing I wish to have is the option to edit your driver after making them. You can change the appearance of your main character at any time (hair, skin color, shape, etc) but not your driver I would give this a millon star rating of i could but i can't and i love the papas games thay have been my favorite game on the internet since i was little but love the mobile ones a whole lot better then PC!!!!! Refund It is best game ever. I think it should to add some equipment for doing donut. I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I enjoy this game but the room movements are really bothering me because if you're in the build station and you need to write down an order it's really slow and inconvenient because you need to go through all the rooms to get to it, I think it can be improved by having it like the pc version and just click to the room you want to be in Great but anxious to know what the next mobile RIA to be released This game is AMAZING in this one you get to customize your character it was well worth the money. Best game ever wish it was Free but you know it's still good :3 Also, good you possibly make Papa's Pasteria on To go VERSION because I really like the game:) I love this game... Please upload sushiria🙏 Game was boring should be able to upgrade ur stove to make it quicker ect cool love it thank you guys for amazing graphics. for all that you get with the game, using your money is worth it. i pray you come out with papa's cheeseria on here that's my favorite one ×u× you cant play the game I will first of saying that this game is fabulously well created and I play it everyday its so fun and the graphics especially and i would love to make one request.Can we get a Papa's Cheeseria,Bakeria, and Sushiria to the mobile version if this is possible i will do my best to buy them I love your games have ALL of them lol great job keep makeing new ones I'll keep buying them all THIS GAME YOU HAVE TO GET The Flash games classic was ported greatly to mobile and still just as fun and addictive. Lots of customization options to your character, your store amd your donuts. I like the game but it should be like the PC version where you can pick up the toppings and put them on instead of picking up the donut Awesome game except I purchased tips and it said there was a problem with purchasing it. I am hoping to get the money back I paid to get them since I didn't get them but still got charged Awesome game love it hated this I want a refund thank you to the developers for making this for the phones. i really like to play them. i do believe i have them all for the phone. love them all. I love these games. Honestly, can't stop playing them. Now, I'm just waiting for Pastaria to come out on mobile. i really love this game. the animation in the lobby is so beautiful. but, can you PLEASE give us the option to change the color for some furnitures or make a furniture fit into a theme like in the clothes section. im just so obsess with matching the furnitures to a certain theme but some of my favorite ones, like the boombox and gramophone just wont fit the aesthetics. PLEASE HEAR ME! Love everything from flipline !!! Sushiria next? So much fun!! I love all of the Papas games, and Cheesearia, Scooperia, Donutaria are my favs, especially on PC. That said, even though some of the characters are a bit weird, like Radlyn, LePete, and Xolo, you still can like them. However, this new CLOWN character, needs to go, because she is down right CREEPY!! PLEASE, can you get rid of her? Xolo dresses like a clown for Halloween in most games, but he's not creepy like this Maggie character. EW! 😞😝😨 fun I love this game! It really triggers some nostalgia in me. I really enjoyed it. The character creation is great, there's so many options for everything and the holidays are fantastic. it's a great game for passing time. my only issue is I find it annoying to have to click through every screen. I would prefer to be able to just click on which screen I would like to go to. Super fun! ^.^ Great time killer for me. Never gets bored for me The game seems stressful at first but once you get into it it's really addictive. love this game need more of them game Love this game I'm a general and a speedrunner of the papa games. I enjoy playing all of them but this game has a bit of lag at certain times. I would 5 star this if that problem would be resolved. SUPER COOL Love the game! Is my favourite gameria of the entire franchise yummy I love it so much love the game just like the rest of them! but im having issues getting donuts perfect. its definitely different than the PC version and the pouring of the icing or other toppings seems really messy to the point where it won't really allow me to get a perfect score or to cover the whole donut. would love if this could be fixed or explained better. BEST GAME EVER! i am suuuuuper excited for this one i own nearly all of them and i cant wait to play it Please add Chesseria as well. Love all the games AWESOME!! PLEASE ADD MORE GAMES FROM PAPA LOUIE SUCH AS, PAPA SUSHIRIA, BAKERIA, CHEESERIA AND PASTARIA TO THE ANDROID!! PLEASE, I WANT IT!! THANKS, DEAR FLIPLINE STUDIOS!! 10 STAR FROM ME FOR YA!! WOOHOO!! It's a bit glitchy at the build station, but other than that it's great. this is one of the best games i played in a while i cant wait for cheeseria to go BEST GAME EVER Still wish I could delete the clothes I don't want but recieved as a "prize" through minigames, but aside from that its a beautifully done papa game. Runs smooth as silk and just as good, if not better than the pc version. Flash game is way better but this is still fun. finaly another game i was wating for so long for this game to come out i love this game could you make pasteria I like this game now it's really fun especially getting my games together i like the game its really fun Just like PC but better, new remastered mechanics and controls. My favorite Papa game. Great game, love it great because i cant wait for the next oone bakeria and sushiria s very not so make it faster 65 mb is enough for me This game is too easy, there is no challenge. The gameplay mechanics are fine but the game doesn't give the chance to really use them. I didn't like the PC version so I wasn't expecting much here but I found that I really enjoyed it! The build station is way less annoying here except for when doing the same thing could get me a 93 or a 99. Very Good Game! :D Perfect game Really fun game ☺ 😍😍😍😍😍😍👍👍👍👍❤💙💕😁😁💙👍💕😍💙😁💕👍💙👍 I want to be available to make another person come when you only pressed one I don't understand why they have all this screen space with this new version but all the icons and stuff you have to look at to get the orders done is so small. I have a hard time seeing what I'm trying to do! Can't even fill the cups without blocking what I have to see. It might look better than the To Go version but it certainly doesn't play better. Good but needs a revamp. Make it match the other games in terms of holidays and more clothing and furniture choices. Can i refund this game i love this game TYSM FOR MAKING IT ITS SUCH A FUN GAME!!!! plus i dont like u if u dont like this game XD Always having a great time playing these games! i like that they moved them over to Phones and tablets but i'm also kinda sad that Flash player is stopping support so that we can't play them on our laptops / pc's anymore ;-) Patrick has smooth blend of papa's freezeria. Poop It's very laggy and I have 2018 google chromebook. It's a fly fun gun worth the money It's totally awesome couldn't play on my chromebook c330 :( neither finger nor mouse worked and I was unable to get past the main screen, disappointed as I was feeling nostalgic, I used to love playing this game I love this game u can play minigames and help costumers There is a glitch where sometimes the people will become invisible and it is really weird and it makes me feel uncomfortable. Sometimes only their faces pop up and it makes me feel like I'm being watched. Please fix this bug. Other than that it's a great game, but now I'm starting to see the faces in my nightmares. This HAS to be fixed or I'll pee my pants in bed. I love it it's so worth it u don't have to pay in app purchases and it's fun unlocking new things I would of liked it more if you had added more than just new foods to put on your flurries.I know this was one of the earlier games to be brought to the mobile papa louie apps but I believe it should be given a update adding seasons and holidays. Then it's five stars. its great! i love it! AMAZING! incredibly Awesome! I just have no words i play this game everyday! the best game in the world! The app wouldn't let me click on anything--with my mouse or my finger. I love playing this game on cool math games and was excited to play it with the hd app on my google chromebook, but every time i open it, it says "Papa's Freezeria HD has stopped". I cant even open the game to play it. Please fix this. they have milkshakes good the detailall are good awesome This was the first Papa game I ever played on my family's PC, so this game has a special meaning for me! I love, love, love it, and will never get tired of playing it! Also, I love all of these games so much, that I will most likely buy more for my tablet!! Thank you for such good games, Flipline!!😄 an awesome game overall, its just like playing on the computer! it is so fuuuuuun. I play this game every day. refun Yea One of my favorites Love it! did not let me pplay the game very mad that i wasted my money' Pretty nice fwi thanks for letting my play as penny when i went to play this game you could see that the screen wasnt frozen but i clicked the play button and it wouldnt play even when i shut down the whole computer. the play button wouldnt play These are the best games ever and this is my favorite Amazing time killer I play it all the time and it'd the best out of all the  series of gamed Flip line studios made Mad ting all is said It needs updating I love this game and all of the other ones, there so fun. I just wish you  could put the papa's donutria on here as well, as that's my favorite one  and I love making dounts Yeah boiiiiiii It is the best I'm sad though because the game is free I play this game on the computer all the time, but it us nice to have it on  a mobile device. It has all the aspects of the game from the computer. The  graphics are amazing, and the gameplay is fun. I absolutely love Papa's  games! Love it I like it me and my big sister used to play it all the time on the computer we loved the game and we still do I WANT MY MONEY BACK😭😭😭😭!!!!!!!!!!! The games are great,but you could go to papasgames.us (or UK) and play them all for free,but they're all still great,free or priced At least it's peaceful Can't even refund such a wast of time don't download this!!! I lovvvvvvve dis game!!!!!! But one thing... The game glitches alot so you can't see da items or where u put them. Also, the decor is glitched. My brother has papas pancakeria and it doesn't glitch at all! Please fix this flipline ur my fave! An epic game. It is fun to make ice creams by going through an enjoyable process. I think everyone will like this game. PLZ I REPORT BUGS. TONS AND TONS OF BUGSSS!!!! I THINK IT WILL RUIN MY TABLET PLZ HELP!!!! 😭😭😭😭😭 I LOVE THIS GAME😁😁😁 L.O.V.E I.T This is an awesome game it's worth the money I loved it I think you should get this wonderful game and opportunity! All papa food games good i love all them I love this game so much Love it It is amazing I love it so much u should put donutaria on tablets and ipads I want to Install this so much and it's cool,you get to create a custom worker in the game! My daughter loves it she is always playing it 10/10 recommended to Papa's games lovers!! 100% PERCENT FLIPLINE you did this game so right now I dont have to take turns at my summer cares computer 😉😉😉 except for when I wanna play the other games too cuz im not gona buy your cupcake game unless you make the price a flat $3 but this game is AWESOME plz make the HD cupcake game $3.00 8-17-2017 when I was playing day 26 or 27 im not sure but mostly 26 I did well on toppings but they gave me 44% for some reason 8-23-2017 bought the HD cupcake game last Friday on day 10 but to hard to get stuff on the cupcake game Awsome Love this game with all my heart! It's so addicting... There are a ton of visual glitches which is starting to turn me off of the game even though I PAID for it... Amazing It's ok but gets harder as you keep playing.     PLEASE MAKE BAKERIA AND CHESESEERIA! 😉🙏😓 So awesome I love this game so much 😇😇😇 I love it... a little while ago they uploaded a new game called Papa's Pancakeria HD on android devices I loved it!! I played this game on computer and it is just sooooooo AWESOME!!!! I love it! Would it be alright ifyou make other papa loui   games? because I love them all! Good game Potato I pay for it!! But it doesn't even installing .. it's just keep on downloading!! After downloading a hundred percent, it's just keep on going back into 1 % .. Good I love it Great Game Claps Claps Good Game I think this game is really good and all but you should add more new ingredients because I got all mine unlocked within 9 days and also when are you getting papas hotdogaria on play store that's my favourite please reply soon thanks Baseical its like all the other ones but i like it more It is cool to play! Game  constantly freezes  . Cannot play the game! I think that this game is amazing especially when you can receive  new items. Love this game😀😁😂😃😄😅😆😉😊😋😎☺🙂 Great I m think you should add it where you can get new recipes like in the taco game I love this game, it is fantastic! Im so glad i can play this on a mobile device! So good make more stuff and make so many flavors,sprinkels LOVE IT! This is one of the best games I have ever played! AWESOME It does not lag like on PC and better to control I recommend  this app for you guys and Does not need WiFi (but only for purchases) challenging. When will you add every papa's games in HD and add jack smith Please I Like this one because you don't have to pay money for it and it's easier to do. You can decorate your freezeria and play games with the tickets to.    :-) So I think you should get it because it's so fun!    😊☺😃 I loved it so much and I was seven years old when I started playing the game Its glitches quite a bit. I like the game, but I recommend you just play it on the Internet. Its a LOT faster. It is so awesome I love it do more papas bakerias  please I love these games AWESOME Love it, but wish it could rotate the screen in reverse, as some tablet for kid has the stand fixed. Best game ever  👑 I love every single papa louie game! The to go ones are... well, different than the hd ones. The to go ones aren't that great. Also I'm on day 168 and I started thinking if you beat the game it should reset everything but, your character turns into a customer and you get to choose how they want their shake. That would be to cool! 💕 You get to try new things and I have another. Why don't you add jack smith I liked it but it stop on me Pixelated This game is AWESOME. Its exactly like pc game. But can you please put Papa's Cheeseria, Donuteria and Panckeria on. Its pretty good and l also decided to get one other pappa game  as well 😊☺😄 Adorable and addictive, I love all the Papa Louie games but this one has always been my all time favourite, ever since I was really little! Ive played this game on the computer at my schools computer lab awesome game some tiny bugs though. Hey I really like the game but sometimes it takes a long time For the shakes to blend, I want that fixed and faster right ? All I'm asking is please fix it It was fun After a while playing for 1 day the game freezes  doesnt let me out of the app and then my device crashes help But can someone tell me whatsbthe difference between this and the to go one, which one is better?, this one costs more money...so...yeah So addicting and fun love This game Its really fun but it takes like 2 hours to download so its not the best I gave this map 4 stars It's a really good and challenging game but I think it should be a pegi 7 because you get like 7 customers per day Dumb---- its an awesome app but I have to install it for storage space but I can't. Were is the uninstal button? It want to delete but it won't let me Works terrible on my iPhone but amazing on my Samsung I hate apple products  they don't work and run out of battery in 5 minutes no joke  go samsung Love it Great game but needs cloud save You should add seasons to it that makes it a lot better!!!! fun full of action and great to keep you buzzy and entertained ! i really recomend it I like the whole papa's thing but my favorites are not on here. I love the doughnut one the grilled cheese one and the pasta one. This one is a good forth but not my favorite Stupid game don't waist money like I did Awesome game very entertaining its a good game but it keeps freezing my device I played it a long time ago and it is awesome. Enjoyable, when you get to higher levels and you've bought everything it kinda gets boring. Awsome Me encanta este juego y mas por que puedes vestir a tu muñeco I would like to see the Papa's Hotdogeria added in hd,anyways great job! I love it Game ever I love it so much😂😂.  GET IT Its cool a and all but the stuff there is nicw Sometimes when I play it freezes and shuts down my tablet for 5 or 10 minutes. Can you please fix this? Refund please It's sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo addicting and my favorite game Purchased the $2.99 HD version' but it is unplayable.  It literally does not have a "Play" button. The game is awesome, i love it, im on level 96, but recently it doesnt works. Please fix it. The game is fun, very simple and definitely worth every penny Best game ever Haven't even played the mobile version and I love it I would get the HD , it is much better than the other one! My only fault for this game would be lag when I'm applying whipped cream and the other various toppings. When I'm moving my finger side to side the toppings jump around and its pretty annoying! Love the game anyone would enjoy it Awsome,good and it is like the computer version😊😊😊 TOO SLOW Bossm I would always get the HD version it is just like the one on the computer... and since it's one a mobile device  it is easier.  So definitely get it It is fun it is colorul and it takes skill Love One of my favorite games THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER OMG YOU HAVE TO GET THIS GAME PAY OR GIFT CARD PLEASE THIS GAME IS SO GOOD YOU WILL LOVE IT IF YOU HAVENT PLAYED IT BEFORE Crashes my Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 once I tap on it. Doesn't even get to start screen. Best game ever do not care about the money! I could play this all day long I would give 5 star if it doesn't crash u need and u do need to fix it So fun to have one of my favorite games!!! Really fun and addicting can't get enough of it:-D Cool game I love this game and I have some new game suggestions. Papa's Cookieria (Cookies) and Papa's Cakeria (I know there's a cupcake one, but this one is with CAKES, we could pipe the cake, put candles on it, and decorate them). You guys should also put Papa's Donuteria and Cupcakeria on mobile 😊. LOVED IT WORKED EVERYTIME I OPEN 8T NO GLITCHES! !!!!!!!!!!! Needs a sandbox Greatest game ever 😄 😄 😄 🐶 Install it and play it on your phone, tablet and computer/laptop This game is really good Yay Best game in the world Why do you have to not win any other things after RANK 41.I will give 5 stars once you guys get more stuff put into this game.But on the other hand it is a fun game. I can't play the game , is shutting down  every time i try to open the game  Ailson I play this game evrey dayto get more people and items This game is so fun and addicting! Can we get more HD games like Taco Mia, Pancakeria and Pastaria please? It is exactly like on the computer brilliant!!! please bring out more like this game like for example papas hotdogeria It got boring after you unlock everything and I uninstalled it and I didn't get a refund I want my money back Works like a charm! In February I started this game and now I am on papa louie on day 101 so I loved this game, loved the toppings and best of all the customers my favourite topping is waffle cone wedges day 8,large cup, day 30, small up. So far I got 9 gold star customers I love this game it is my favourite game Great game and its so fun, worth the money! Would like it if u made hotdogeria, cupcakeria, and donuteria. Would download every single one! #gopapa OMG!!! ive had this game for 3 days and im already at rank 35! This is awesome, its exacty ike the pc version, much better than the other mobile app! It DOES rufund. Bythe way. But who would want to uninstall this baby?!?! But plese fix thd glitch when your playing the breakfast blast minigame, and I will be soooo happy!!!! The second best mobile game there is!!!! Do u get a new an bigger place? I love this game but I  don't know why you have to pay for it it is not that good but it is a lot of fun and a good game welldone to whoever made this game I like this game BEST GAME EVER I love this game Badababababa im lovin it It is so awesome and additing Plays good no pop ups. Good buy! This game is great it has amazing qualities, fun mechanics, and it will probably keep you hooked for at least a year! I love this game and it was defiantly worth the money. It is so good I've been playing this game all time it was really awesome so thank you flipline studios My sister  donlod it Super duper fun eff y'all who think this game dumb Thanks for making this Love this game once I got used to playing it. Asome Game so fun you guys have got to try this game Good gamem but ever since my tablet broke I can't use some toppings so like can you make it able to rotate to another side This game didn't download ,I loved this game on my laptop and even better on my tablet,but this app didn't do anything😬 Almost all the "Papa" games are awesome - but this one's my favorite! :D This is an amazing game! It's loads of fun unlocking new customers and ingredients! It's also a fun challenge to try buy all the upgrades! Definitely worth the price! And to all you people saying it doesn't refund well, IT DOES! It says 'refund' right by the play button! It is so awesome  but they should put it for free This is the best game ever I loved the game on the computer, but with the updates to the app its just so fun and addictive Love it Bought this for my kobo arc 7 and every time you press play the game, the game shuts down. I haven't been able to play at all Such a great game It's awesome and addicting whenever I have free time I play. I thought it was good on the computer but it's even better on my tablet Really fun game to play Good game. Love the game play and everything, but.... the game glitches most of the time when I'm in the Top Station. I don't know if it's a glitch, but I want it fixed, cause it keeps freezing my device. Awesome Awesome game!!I love to go to agame on the computer and play these games for free!! Yay!!!!!!!!! Good to see that there developing a papa series on tablets and phones. I recommend more HD games like hotdoggeria, pancakearia, pasteria, donuteria,etc. OMG this game is so fun I do not think that any other app in the universe can top this one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! VERY VERY VERY FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN. I recommend to anyone who likes ice cream and loves very fun games!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I enjoyed playing this on my laptop so I was super excited to play on my tablet! I was disappointed in the burger HD version because I couldn't customize my avatar so I got a refund. Please add it so I can own this and the Burger HD versions! I've been playing these games for year! 8) Awesome game I like all of them but can you make the other Papa's games available for tablets(Papa's Pancakeria,Papa' Hot Doggeria,etc.)PLEASE!!!! It was an amazing game This game is awesome. Great for anyone to try This game defiantly keeps you occupied The is awesome😁😁 AWESOME game I love playing this game!! It glitches every once in a while, but its really fun otherwise! Amazing game Awasome I don't like this app but I can't get a refund please give me my money back! It gave my tablet a virus please give me my money back The only problem is on day 21 (i think) it keeps crashing when i am in build station Its a very good game loved it so much! Poooooooo You have to download this game I can't stop playing it Lo I love the game but I can't believe that I buy it and then I go in the game and it shuts off if you can do something Awesome When can you get seasons on this ? I'm on level 55 Half This is the best game EVER! Love it Shocking!!!! Doesn't work on galaxy tab 3. Disappointed This game is fun Awesome game super fun It is by far the best way to show my kids how they really make this stuff Great game I love this app & I love playing it on the app than on the computer. It has way more many upgrades. ♡♡♡♡ Fun The game is so fun. I had it for one week and I already have everything. Also can you please make cupcakeria. THANKS Best game ever The best game Played it before good memories! I want a refund BEST GAME EVER!!! Its makes me want some icecream!! Papa's games are the best games ever made This game is just PERFECT! Love it!!!! Very colourful and entertaining. I love the artistic aspect of game just as much as the gameplay itself! Would recommend to anyone :) Love this game I went more of the papa's game to play It's better than the regular papas freezeria I wish the regular one is like this I love how it's just like the on computer Papa's Freezeria! You did a perfect job on everything like the perfect amount of decorations and upgrades just about the same amount as the computer! I love this game! It was awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This game rocks!!!!!!!!!!! Because you make smoothes It is a really good game what I liked about it is the custom workers, parade and new toppings this is a must have game I love this game. It keeps me entertained for ages lov it I have no words america Love the game I bought this app for my daughter and it gave her tablet a virus .so she had to delete it. I would like my money back as a paid app should not be giving viruses. Awesome game! I like this app but it needs more people and mini games This game is awesome I can't stop playing it love it. Its a nice game and i would reccomend it. I'm past level thirty I always loved playing this on the computer and I was so happy when I could get it on my tablet. I just wished the other papa games were on here. Especially Papas Wingeria. That one was my favorite. Awesome game recommend it to all. It isn't glitchy or inappropriate whatsoever so it is appropriate for any age group! Love it!! Love it I had to get a refund for Papa's Freezeriea To Go. That game was sick. This one's a lot better. I would choose this over that any day. But this is more expensive. My favorite game ever Rican not stress how much I love this game. I can't top playing it Great game very amusing Good game not that fun It fun for kids and you should try it. Refund!!!!!!!!! I can't even play it takes forever to load  I want my money back!!!!!! Awesome Best game ever........ enough said It won't let me download it but its still awesome because I used to have it Wow this was computer version before and it's like that it had upgraded to an app! So like so worth buying! Also I remember Mandi ;) but Papa's Burgeria... hate it... not the app the game. I also hate Papa's Tacoria wt evr it is... I like the new games you made, though :D now when I am waiting for devil maker Tokyo, my singing monsters, waiting for my friend to txt me on Kik, or when I'm bored, I'll always play this. Best game ever had or ever will have... I deleted it but I dont get my money back This game is AWSOME Best game ever worth the money I even got the to go games too Best game ever, but needs more updates and people.. I finished everything This is one of my favorite games and I was so excited when I discovered I could get it on my tablet, but it runs so horribly it's too much of a hassle to even play! Its a good game but there's very annoying occasional lag spikes but its worth 2.99 I enjoy this game gr8 for when bored. Awesome, fum, and will keep you busy for a while . :)) 2 thumbs up !!!! The game is really a good game I love it Its  cool:-) Awesome You can make a It is great really works! Its not the best for a tablet An awesome game It is fun This game is awesome! Sometimes I wish it would work faster This is awesome Love this gameeeeee Because the game loading too long!.... Fun Love Sooo fun I love this app I love this app Love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??!!!!!!!!!! It is cool thanks Plz oh plz make more of these for the tablet!! Iys so much fun great game better than any cooking game i have ever played. i always play this game This is honestly one of my favorite games! I personally think its worth the money because I'm always on my nook (tablet) playing games but if your on your computer you can play the same game for free.. it really depends on the person but I love it! But I wish they could get all the papas games like cupcakeria and the wingeria and etc. Plz Love it .:-) :-)  I recommend it to anyone who likes making things and people around the age of 6 to 12 Love it. The graphics on hair is a little distractive but other than excellent! Yah Good game Love this game. Everything works good, sometimes there's little glitches but love it overall This game is awesome. Um I think people that say it waste battery is a load of crap. You only waste your battery for playin on it for too long... all in all great game PAPAS GAMES ROCK  amazing ..... I spent all the money I was going to use to go to yeti college on this ...... YETI COLLEGE IS ONLY THREE DOLLARS.. thank you for your time. Email me if you want a application to Yeti College if your willing to be a full-time yeti. This game is sooo addicting and cool you can make milk shakes right in front of your eyes!♥ This app kills my battery horribly. It uses 73% of my battery and is ALWAYS running even after I force stop the app. Fix this!!  I've tried re-installing, restarting my device .. everything. And when I open up the app it only shows a small amount of coloured particles and then the rest of the screen is black .. so frustrated cause I was really looking forward to the game. I know you updated it so that the issue would go away but it didn't work for mine :( Please fix! This game is awesome. Amazing game on PC, now on tablet: 10 stars :-) ! Keep it up I love his game Thanks for the update!  Brilliant GET IT NOW Love it!!  Just like the desktop version. Runs slow at times but its still playable I have been a fan of papa louie games for a long time. When papas burgeria came out for tablets I really hoped this one would be next. Please put all of the papa louie games on the play store!!!!!!!!!!! Great app. Love it so much! Not that great. Its so fun you make smothies Has my fave types of milk shakes The game tends to lag when you have to do things such as having to stop the meter to add mixings, or moving back and fourth to add toppings. I noticed it gets worse the more I progress. Since you have to be pretty much perfect doing those to get a good score it gets frustrating ): If you look past that its very fun, just like on the pc. Def worth the price, can't wait for more! Im so happy they made a mobile version. I had it on my computer and I was on level 48 time to restart on  mobile version. The best thing is you dont even need internet to play , A little pricy but great. Peace &love Everymonth or so i have to reinstall it and that drives me nuts This app is so good I have been playing it loads and I am rank 21 and only been playing for 2 weeks I love it.  Fun for kids and it gives great ideas for making your own smoothy This is awesome I give it 5 stars  I love playing this game LOVE IT Very fun game, I dont even need wi-fi!  Awesome Y I love it PLEASE , I NEED THE REFUND. It is not giving me the service I paid for.  It sucks As soon as you create your character the screen goes black, and so you can't play. Too late for a refund. Very disappointing. I'm a kid and it was my entire allowance for the week. (My daughter wrote the review.) I can't even get the game started!  I love cooking food Awsome Cant stop playing it!!!! I love this game but its slow and if yall would fix the slowness  I would play this game more ln my tablet Every time I open this app on my galaxy tab 3 there is just a black screen, and only small particles of the app will appear. Please fix this and then I would give it 5 starts. Funfunfunfunfuncfun is all I have to say I love it everyone should get it Good but y do need to pay? I mean this game is good On awesome I love this game never gets boring! It amazing works just fine I just love it!!! Pretty good, impressive. Great game, better than PC version ool Awsome app I love this game u should by it it's addicting It shows bits of it I turn my device off and back on same deal plz fix this and the same goes with the burgeria the normal one not HD fix it AMAZING GAME!‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼♥♥♥♥▪;-) :O I love this game but the only problem is that it should not cost anything I mean why should it? This app is awesome I love it soooooooooooo much even my one year old brother can play it Yo yo yo what do you know This is awesome I play it at school It's very laggy. (Slow.) I love the game it's so fun. I never went two put the game down. I bought this game today and I was so excited . I went on it and all that was there was a black screen .I restsrted the app like it said in one of the comments but just particles of the objects were showing on the screen .I turned my galaxy tab 3 off then back on and it was still the same making it impossible to play . I am so annoyed about this!!!!!!!!!!!! Either you fix this problem or you refund me my money!!! Good game otherwise It fun On papa,s burgeria make the sausage bottles squrt like crazy ... got it It takes to long to download Because you do not have to buy it but beside that I think it is really fun Such a great game to play when you're bored and worth the money (: Download it On the computer or tablet where ever you make it it'll still be a great game Beothchis I love t this game Ive always been a fan of Papa Louie games and not only does this app run as smoothly on my Google Nexus 7, but I love the fact that you don't have to tap several times before it reads. I would love to see more Papa Louie games made for tablets. There's so many and I never can get to a computer..... This app is amazing, never gets boring. Works so smoothly and the instructions are so simple! Good for younger children because there is not adds popping up or them pressuring you to buy things. Keeps me entertained for days! But if u could decorate the outside of or shop more stars Yes Works so smoothly on my tablet. At first, there was a black screen, but then I just closed the app and reopened it and it worked fine! I loved this game on PC and now you've updated it and added the ability to make your own character and the mini games which we didn't have on the computer. I love this game.   But to improve, you could actually add the whole seasons thing, like you have in Cupcakeria and Pastaria. That's what would make it even better. But apart from that, great work Flipline! It is starting to get a little easy now, I get perfect on the majority of orders. Is there anyway for me to make it harder? I've been playing since last Saturday, and I'm already at rank 40 :O I like it I think it's cool This game I played on the computer n I serchd ths gme up on gooogle play store n it had it n I was lik ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhkhhhhhh Soooo fun You should put the other "Papas" games on here This game is a must the $2.99 is totally worth it. It works on my Nexus 7. Buy now if you have a Nexus 7 and it is totally worth 5 stars. Love the game but it used to be in mobile form too. Please bring back- LOL Best game ever!! has Cool Very good game Fun and you do it all yourself! Love this game Cool game Sometimes it crashes, but when it doesn't crash, it works perfectly. Great job Flipline! This game is really food you should play it I played this game on the comouter and I loved it!! So I decided, why not get it on my tablet? Well, whenever I try to install it, it won't install because of the default location or something!! So I shut it down for the night but it still won't install and I can't get a refund!! This sucks! Aweso e game! LAGS A LOT ITS REALLY HORRIBLE THOUGH PLEASE FIX AND 5 STARS Imlike beacuse  I can go anywhere in la and play this game This game laggs so bad. So slow that my tablet shuts its self off waiting for the game to catch up. I bought popa's bugeriea and it does the exact same thing. Very dissapointing. I wish this would be fixed, or to recive a refund. Basically paid for a game that doesn't even work. I love playing this game it rocks buy it. You make ice cream! :) Just like the PC version (with a few added bonuses!) Its fun and easy to play, and now, when i want to play it while I'm out, I can! 🙌👍  Plus, its only £1.86, a GREAT deal for a game like this. THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING THING THAT HAS EVER COME INTO MY LIFE!!! PLZ GET IT!!! =D Wow I dont care I love it Love the game but why does the app need permission to access my camera to take pictures and videos at any time without my confirmation? Could not get this app to dowload, tried everything Love this game I am mad because I paid $4 for this app and all it do is show me a black screen! Please fix now!! (by the way I own a NEW Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 edition with Android 4.3) Awesome game Thank you for sharing this game with me, Flipline! 5 stars! CAN'T Play black screen plz fix Great game I like it 😊 👍 I like this game because this game eliminates the feeling of boredom and feeling anything but hunger😁 Very fun and good to play on the go! Very Laggy Loving it but i guess the game version needs a upgrade to match other version game with customized workers, specials etc Best gamee in the whole universe Give your users an option to change between small screen mode and big screen mode. Stop being lazy and saying "if you want to change the mode, get a tablet" it sounds ridiculous and classist. Love it The game is outdated So fun! Remind me of my childhood Not worth it. And you can't get a refund on the game. Unacceptable 104/10 best game EVER!!!! This is my childhood,thank you flipline studios! Can I Refund Back Cuz I Dont Like This Game. I have been playing these games on coolmath since I was in elementry school😂and I bought a few of my favorites on my phone I love these games so much I want my money back My childhood memory Good Daisy bell T This game is the best ever ever ever in my whole life I play it like an hour a day I know I'm cuckoo a bit well it's just fun this game and I like to make food for the cute people Lol! So bye...... I really love this game..it brings a lot of memories back in my childhood 😍❤️ the only problem is this version is blurry and don't have the mini games and the holiday season..but the game is still great Omg this game is awesome!!!! I love it it reminds me the time when I was in school and would play this game every single day!! This was EBIC i love this game perfect review!!! Although in computer i don't think you need to buy it's but it's worth it!!! The game is pretty average and outdated. It's not the same as it is on the PC version, most of the ingredients are already unlocked. That kind of debunks my plans for what I was going to do. Plus, there's no clothing (hats) and no wallpaper like there was before on PC. The quality is okay, just a little blurry. It's the same thing everyday, a new customer, a new ingredient. No mini games and no holidays. Just the same boring work day. Greatest game It I a realy good game for passing the time 👍 Very fun i used to play this and it's still very good! It alright 👌 I can't refund my money I didnt like it. It was just so repetitive. I I baught it to try it out but its horible please.i really need a refund Very fun and addictive. I certainly don't like it even I just purchased this game,Na mini games are gone And the parade too Hope u will add it Great game, but it's the same game every time, every day. Once you buy everything, there's nothing really to look forward to. No mini games. New customers with the same ingredients, going through the same motions. Like a more enjoyable customer service job! This game is so good and its a classic and they should add multiplayer like play with there friends and add character customization so far great game recommend this game Good real good Great game love playing it Loved it why a people so mean about this game it is Amazing love it worth the dollars Buy it bros It's fun but it takes long to wait for the milkshake to mix Bruh what is dis Ok s App Awesome game!! So addicting and fun! At first I was nervous to find out that the controls are bad but they really aren't! Totally worth the few dollars for you to play in the best experience without getting ads every 2 minutes! It's a great game but the margin for error is really high to compensate for the smaller screens and this lured me into a false sense of security for when I got my laptop fixed and could play the flash game. So bad To be honest this is like the best game ever just one thing bring it back on computer and plz put minigames and the parades Other than that worth the price Wow I love this game, in fact I was looking for this game for a long time, but Flipline, if you are available, PLEASE read this review, because could you PLEASE make the Papa Louie games free?I promise I will download all the games, but please make all the games free😭😭😭😭😩😩😩😩🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺(puppy eyes showing) It's very very very very very very very good And very very amazing 💖 This game is really good love it I used to play this on the PC and now I play it on the mobile version I love this game from my age 6 old Super game I need a refund I won't let me buy the stuff that I want and I have the right amount of coins to do so. DEV GIVE ME A REFUND?!?!?!?!?!!?!!?? I love this game its so FUN even thogh it cost money but its very fun BUT why does the milkshakes take ages to mix? I still love this game!!!its perfect for kids to play. DOWNLOAD THIS APP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its ok. The toppings are limited... Put some more toppings in the game please y'all don't realize this is one of the original papa's games so it's older and doesn't have some of the new stuff like character creation and mini games and i doubt flipline studios is gonna go back to a decade-old+ game and add all that stuff in. just play the newer games. i love this game it brings back the nostalgia of my days in elementary school ❤️ We can't buy anything... What happened to that? ilove papas games LOVE IT THE BEST PAPAS GAME It works great! No ads wich is good.Its fun and simple and a ofllne game. I think its worth the money. Wish I could buy more things for restaurant. After a while tips are pretty much useless Nostalgic Estaba bien el juego hasta que lo actualizaron, ya no hay mini juegos, ni puedes elegir tu propio mono y tampoco puedes agregar las cosas como antes (como condimento), ahora solo mueves el vaso y esta bien aburrido. Conclusión, no lo compren, cuidense bye Gud I love thats it not free jk i hate that its not free but i love the game I need a refund please This game is fun It's fun for a while but then it get kind of boring for me I love this app 😻 it's great for in the car or when you just need something to do💖 I just bought the game and I was very satisfied. Great job Flipline! Well Done👍 edit: can you add holidays this game is missing out the best stuff Es el mejor juego que he jugado en toda mi vida, soy adicta, ojalá me regalaran los demás porque ya terminé todo jaja salu2 compren lo vale mil la pena y díganme cuál es su malteada ideal, me pueden mandar dm mi instagram es @maya.islas KISSY. M I absolutely love this game, it's just like the original and it doesn't even have ads <3 Bug pp Good Great game! Okay, so, I... Played this on computer on Y8 and it was much better than this version, maybe update the game..? It's good but when a closer comes in and I'm making someone else's milkshake and I finish it it gives it to the wrong person every time This game does mobile games right, offline, no intrusive ads, and no micro transactions. Other companies should learn a thing or two from this. Heck, it doesn't even use alot of memory. Childhood memories at it's finest. My only annoyance is that the controls are not the same as the computer version which is free and better than this version. If you updated it to be tha same as the computer version it would be five stars. Brings back the good ol days I thought this was the mobile version on tablets only to find it was severely outdated with poor graphics and low customization options. A rip-off if you're looking for the newer version. 😡 I love the game I liked how it's similar to the original. But, there's nothing new. It's formated a little differently which is good. The graphics are horrible. For a paid app I expect more than 3 pixles Omg I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!! It's so good and entertaining definitely recommend This game is so fun!kid friendly and I played this when I was 3 to 4 and I forgot that this game was so fun. My sister loved it to and it's very good game👌 Amazing game, as always, but please fix the VEEEEEERY LOOOOONG waiting times for milkshakes. I love wally <3 just like the flash game It is awesome to play Just a bad with graphics but still amazing I love this game Not very good and defo not worth money How could you ever hate this classic The game is good and fun, but gets kinda boring without all the stuff that was taken away in the process of development. For example, the minigames with the tickets you get from tips. That was one of my favorite parts of the game. Another one that they took out is character creation. In the pc game, you were able to customize your character to how you like it. I kinda miss that. They also took out the parade slideshow and other things, but i ask you to, if you can, please try to add those in. There should be more stuff to buy! I'm racking up all this cash and cant spend it on nothing so "pay day" means completely nothing. And why is there only 6 f**cking customers? Like you want people to get tired of it that quick huh? Used to love this game the way it was why change it ? I've got the last customer unlocked and now when I play he comes in first every day it's kind of annoying and still only 6 customers a day make it harder or something!! Very good game. Definitely worth to buy. I use to love this game when I was little and was very excited to see it on the app store. I absolutely love it. Interesting game play experience. Needs more content because it is repetitive with no particular creativity. When you create games or applications, it needs time to create and produce. You can't produce an application that has no creativity. This is my all time favourite game! Only game worth paying money for! Great The game is really fun i love ot👌 It's a great game I love this game! Fun game and I love it so much!! Very good Great! Does it really need to cost money? They could just have ads then a "remove ads" button. The controls are sort of hard to use, but it's an overall good time. 👌👌👌i love it Like it Same as usual I WANT A MY MONEY BACK, THIS GAMES RESOLUTION IS VERY BAD, SO IS THE GAME, I SPENT MY MONEY FOR NO REASON, IN THE PICTURES IT LOOKS GREAT BUT IT NOT, I WANT A MY MONEY BACK! I Truly Love this Game. It teach me to multi task. With all the running back and forth between the game. Although, to purchase the game you need real money. But, In my opinion I think it is worth it. One of the best papa's game Nostalgic, runs perfectly.. 10/10 5 star i remember playing this all the time in primary school and high school, although it is missing some aspects as the old one it is still one of the most elite pc games of all time. I love this game so much!! This game is so fun you get to do orders and much more I like the favors of the choice the person made Nice Great This game will continue with whatever rank is on. the mixers are to slow! Any games can be like this and the others of Papa Louis I gived it a 3 because u can order for people and i like that Fun and it cool Nice game Its a really fun game this is my favorite papa's game, I just wish that it would be updated like the newer games (harder levels, more decorations for the storefront, being able to customize your player, etc.) It a good game to play I liked this game but could you pls make some free atleast pls It's good ! This game is a rip off it does not even let you get a refund I give this a 1 star Used to play this game all the time on CoolMathGames in school. Even at 18 this is my absolute favorite passtime killer NO REFUND??? I am loving this game Amazing Good game but The graphics are really bugging me It is a realyyyy fun game I really like this game. I played it all the time as a kid. The only thing that I wish was different would be that you should be able to change your name. I wish I could name my character instead of having to play as Penny. But other than that its great. So obsessed. highly addictive Love this game but the customers😉 Great Game I like it, it runs smoothly, it's great. Me and my friend love this game because of the countless options this game gives to make a milkshake ☺️☺️🙂🙂 It boring and a wast money I can't even get a refund Hopefuly you played the PC versoin of the game! Love the game! just wishing it could be spiced up some like the new ones. Choosing items for the shop front or even having holidays. Or dressing your worker. Those are the spice up things this one needs. A make over. Cause so far I love this one best!!😍😁 Very fun Good game Its really amazing I like the game i wish the other games from papa are free... im running out of budget to buy another one :(... but anyways the game is addicting... eheheh I love this game Good game, a bit laggy, but good I want my refund back PLEASE make pastaria available for phone apps then everything will be complete 💙 Very fun! i love this game pls get it NOW LOL XD Win i tryed to downlod it This is probably my favourite game ever and I would highly recommend it to anyone. Good game but No Refund I really enjoyed thus game. Great game & fun to play , not sure how many upgrades there are but it could use more variety in my opinion. Overall very fun BEST GAME EVER Fun and relaxing Bad resolution. I love all of Papa's games , love the nostalgia and time killer effect ! Nesecito ponerlo en español xd Love it It is very bad I love this game I remember playing it on coolmath The best Good game at firt but gets old after a while and should be free I think all games should be free Nostalgia hit me hard so I bought it and it's exactly how I remembered it so worth the money. I like this game it's really good on a phone but when I play it on PC it's it's better they have more decorations than on a phone and it's easier to work. If possible can you guys try to change it how the PC is? Papa's Freezeria To Go is one of my favorite games to play over and over for hours. I love playing Papa's games tried them all and I haven't found a game that I didn't like to play. N O S T A L G I A !!!!! It is a pretty good game but I thought it would have more features. This is a bit boring :/ I kind if regret paying for it but even though it's a bit addicting when creating milkshakes. I want my money back I love this game!!! Downloaded it only 3 weeks ago and I'm already on rank 24. Nice! I give this a 3 star review just because I love the game and it really brings back nostalgia, but it's missing a lot of the features I thought it would have. I figured since I had to pay for the app(which is something I don't normally do) that there would be more than just the minimal accessories; I had also assumed that I would be able to design my character to be more personal to me and that the game would get more challenging as it went on(more than just 6 customers a day). Overall still fun. Great game great fun It ,s okay like i don,t hate it,s just okay i guss This game was fun at fist but then it got boring Love it LOOOOOOOVE IT!!!!!! I gave this four stars because it is a good game but why do u only allow 6 customers! I played this before and it was a fun game that you can customize characters and more furniture. I miss the old version, but overall its a fun game u can play anywhere and anytime. I would recommend this to children below 12 y/o. Bad quality, I tried to play this in my tablet and looks blurry Its good It's cool Its a fun and addictive Game There is no reason why people should pay for this game need. But it is a very good game. I love this game it's so awesome Great app, the best papas game It's so much fun Kool nice pooooppp🥺 great All Papa's games are so good even on Y8!!! KKKSSK, me siento supwr pendejo x comprar esta wea, cunado antes de pequeño iba al cyber, jugaba en juegos friv esta chingaderas y hora la ando comprando, igual es re bkn, laik. .__.xd All of there games are the same. Terrible ripoff... Couldove made it free Love the game but I wish you could play foodinies games. I like the game its really fun but im used to being able to be who ever i want to be and have the abilty to make our self on it but you cant. This game is the BEST game EVER!!!!!!! It is so fun and you can do anything you want its pretty much the same as the website one just different controls so its nice :) It's a really fun game, but I would like to have a store like they do on the computer I have a bunch of money and nothing to do with it also maybe some minigames like some of the other Papa's games on the computer. I don't know if it is worth the money if I had the option to go back in time and never buy it I might use that. It's a fun game to play for a little bit of time but it gets really boring. Osmm game👍👍 I just love this game, when I was at school the techer used to say go on to any game you want and I'd go straight here Alrighty to yall who think game aint good enough just quit if u dont want to continue me personally i like it its very close to its pc self and it is unique n genuine and intricing and very nice and polished Please please please add more customization! I used to love decorating everything and changing my characters hats on pc Boring, very blurry. It's as if they ported the game from a 720p version to 1080p. I absolutely love this game and used to play it on my computer so I know the ropes, and there should be a skip tutorial button, but other than that it's so much fun I want a refund for the game I played it but It's not as good as on the computer and I don't want to have the game and want my money back please Extreme perfection the game is my favorite thing to play Its just like it is on a computer but better because I can play on the go Ang tagal madownload Is a great game, y'all! Of course it's a tad different from the computer but it's still a great app. :) I hope you guys are or will enjoy it as I do. It's absolutely fun... Until your at like level 50 then you've basically bought everything there is to buy. To the developers if I were to make this game better I would add more things to the shop for those of us that love the game and want to keep playing. Very addicting This reminds me so much of my childhood. I am obsessed! Poop It is a great game it is worth the dollar but the only thing i do not like is even if you het everything right you still get like 50 points I wish you could customise your character Love this games Fun The visual isn't very nice but overall the game is fun and exciting, but not as fun as what you played on PC though. I really love the game! and it's great that I can play this game offline since I don't have any data :). The only problems I have are that I feel like the pc game was way more complex with more options. that includes items in the shop. I'm currently at about Day 60 and have already bought everything. but now I have over 1000$ and I don't know what to do with them. the left and right room changing buttons are also kind of annoying :/.i liked it more in the original pc game. Amazing game, havent had any problems Fun game ever will be new papa to you game later this year Yay Please help, I have purchased the game, but every time I try to install it it just says it's downloading infinitely. I love this so much ❤️ Great game You've heard of papa's freezeria... But have you head of papa's diarrhea? Love this game I love to play it...but I would love to play the sushi one😎😎..can Android play the sushi game like this one?😎 I love this game !! I wasn't expecting this game to be this good!! Although I wished I would of got the 2.99 one instead of this one, it would of saved money. But this game is a good way to kill time. When I'm bored I would just play this game. May i get a refund? Love it i would like all pf the other papas games to be free though Great game! I like this game a lot, but why do you need to pay? On computer, its completely free! Love it! I've been playing this for years when I was still in school, I missed the game and was excited when I found out they created an app. I definitely recommend, it's exactly like the desktop version, although it is missing a few things that the desktop had (a few decorations and clothing items) but that's okay. Bad Its not bad its nice Cam you add the suchiria I really like this game even though u cant troll them it works really well at least for me. In my opinion I think this game is worth it. Amazing game Played as kid in school till this day I still love playing . The only problem is we can't go through seasons in different holidays like the other games It looks nothing like the computer version Very nice game Great Payed for the game then i got a new phone and tried downloading it again and it wont let me 😐 A total nerve-wracking game. It's a very fun game. I would totally recommend you download it, but keep in mind you have to make your decision on if your keeping because after 2 hours there is no refund I uninstalled the game just for a few hours so I could check another app out and when I reinstalled it all my progress is gone and I don't want to repeat what I did all over again. I got so far and since I don't want to play it now could I get a refund? It is so fun Would be five if you updated the app as you have done with the other papa's games. Wouldn't open app and went to my home screen Im not sure how to refund this! Please help! I need a refund! I thought this was a different game! This is good i now i dont have it but i played on computer O absolutely love this, it's one of favorites... definitely worth the price that's for sure Its sucks and lags, I don't recomend. It should be free😭and you won't get refunded if you delete it 🙄🙄 Ducks I love this game, Very good! Amazingggg Nice port from the computer game! It feels like what a mobile version of the game would be, and it's easy to pick up. You may not be able to place decorations you buy in the store, but it's still there in your store, you just can't decide where it goes. That doesn't bother me though, so I'd say it's pretty good Fun and enjoyable Unluckily for me my school banned cool math games where this game is so I never get to play them anymore. It sucks because these are amazing games bit I can't play them! This is a very good game to play in your free time and I have tons of stuff and continue to get more! It's almost endless! Very fun to play, I highly recommend it to others! I think this game is awesome Great game Very close to how I remember the computer version. I know that some people think there should be a custom player option. But if I remember correctly, there wasn't anything like that in the original. So I'm fine with that. Also the controls are a little different but they're easy to get used to and I think they fit better for mobile users than the original buttons. A lot of phones are small and having small buttons can be hard to press. This game rivals Timing Hero in it's time killing abilities. Its pretty good I really lovw this game but you can't get a refund if you don't want it anymore. Otherwise, really good game to kill time I really wish there was an update for this game to include the content someof the other games include such as character customization and holidays How do I get a refund? My little brother purchased the game on my phone and I don't want this or need this game plz help me with this issue. It's so fun you should try it it does not have much adds I love the game Good Good game very entertaining I play the other ones to from this creator like papas scooperia and it's so much fun worth the money ❤ It sucks Sick Ass I dont like and wont give refumds back if u delete it The game is great Overall amazing game and many varieties of customers and flavors to choose from It is nothing like a computer game i suggest you go on a computer/chromebook to play instaed its free and way better i got it looked at it and a minute later i refunded it i dont not like it!!!!!!!! I hate the people they don't even eat it it and when Do a good job on it they hate it so that is why I gave it 1 star but yeah I don't like this app I want my money back cause it is totally boring I need more graphics and I want it to be free so when people don't like it they can uninstall it and not lose there money cause if it cause money problems I will not get it anymore cant even press the play button fix pls Brings back memories. Great to kill time I always love Papa's games😍 This game is good but this version doesn't have more customizing like walls and all that, also so it doesn't have hats because the desktop version has all of it. It will be cool if you put more customization and other more in this game! Awesome game I wish I could buy new outfits. And more decorations. And more people per day. You are the best game ever made it I'm having fun with your It is a good game overall but i love when there is specials and holidays... Can you add them please like you do on the cupcakeria,wingeria etc? It's fun! Of course I had to pay but it was worth it! Better on the computer. I think its a very good app but can i have a refun cuz i didn't buy the right one i wanted the pizza game of papa's game plz and thank you Not letting me refund😕 My childhood not to bad its just that i really want something new in the game and that its super laggy i dont really like it not much to do😒😪😛 It is a wonderful upgrade to the origonal. The originoal feels ancient now and like cavemen were playing and writing about it in hyrogliphics. Great game wish there was a Papa's shushiria though. Challengeing and fun. Very addicting! Worth every dime and time I put into this game! 😏😃😃😃😍😋👧 BEST GAME EVER!!!!!! Bagus Give this game the stuff the newer ones get, and I'll imediataly send this to 5 stars I can make sundaes it cool I loved this game when i was little and when i saw it here i had to buy it its just as good as i remember well sort of it still not as good as the pc version bcs u cant troll the costumers but still its very fun highly recommend it especially bcs of nostalgia I want a refund 10/10 Love this game Perfect❤️💯 Don't play if hungry❣️!!!!❣️ This game wont give my refund! It's the best game ever because you can make milk shakes and discover new people i love how you can make milk shakes and get grades on how you do with the shake. Its sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fun and adictive it chaned my life becase its sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oo lala old version is way more fun and interactice than now. they should bring that back. less items on the shop which makes it boring plus you cant even decorate your store according to the occasion. this sucks. they should bring back the old interface I really like this game because it takes away stress. No cap i love the game it is fun to play if your bored i love it because it has 3 new game me and my winding but me and my littie sister love it love playing papas game and has berger and my bad buy all the game for me so to the crater bye Its awesome I love this game already at 100 The best This is a game wear you get to have fun Takes FOREVER TO BLEND The game is great but can I have a refund plz This game has so much nostalgia in it! Anyone who is complaining didn't grow up with cool math games. This game is addictive and wonderful Bad grafics I want to refund my money but i can't I'm enjoying the game. I've beaten it with all the achievements. I'd like to see an endless/super fast mode, where you get more (or endless) customers until you call it quits or get a bad score, or one where the difficulty was ramped up because of the speed at which the customers came in/expected things. It'd give me more motive to keep it after having beaten the main game. It's fun I love the original game. The mobile ver is too laggy for my taste.. So fun If I could I would give it 10 stars but sadly I could only rate 5. I love this game and it has always been part of my childhood. its good but i cant get a refund:( Best remake of coolmath games Its not like the computer version but i love it 💙 Its fun and all but sound and graphics could use some work other than that,great game Don't pay for this app cause you can play free on computer. It's a nice game 💯 Eh I love this game and I decided to buy every single on. RIP CoolMathGames I love this game I love u can play a game in a game but I love but what I don't like people are sooooooooooooooooooooo picky................buuuuttt I love it sa ya later papas cooking games Simply a classic I'd happily devote my time to, it's fun, interactive and exciting! However it's easy to tap things by accident, perhaps a settings option to make things smaller or bigger? I love this game ima start to doing a series on this.(:(:(: Great. It was ok Great same as all others but the milkshake machine takes a long time I love this game it is so good words can't even tell u how good Bro it is so bad best game I've ever played it is so fun and I love it The game is so much great 💖 Cool Best Papa's game ever, though slightly different from the computer version Its really good even though i don't really play it but i like it i always give a five star to papa's games💜 😱💞🤩😊🙆‍♀️ I WANT A REDUND IT SUCKS IT GETS BORING AFTER 5 MINS I WANT TO SMASH THIS GAME INTO PEICES PLZ GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK Yummy Why cant you design your own character on this version! You can do it on other devices! I bought this because I lost my tablet that had this game. Im kinda mad at this. Please make it available for all devices. I think Im getting a refund and finding my tablet. Loved this game as a kid, when it was only on computers saw that it was in 99¢ and had to get it best game ever and once you pay for it once you can uninstall you can reinstall for free Very fun, i loved this as a kid and like now its finally here so im proud that the "to go" version is here i remember this on Y8 and Kizi. I love this app; I always used to play it on my laptop and now that they have it on phone, its amazing! Very good and worth the money Would not let me refund you have to refund right after getting it... worst rule ever. also it's bad game!!! I like this game very much! But theres something i REALLY REALLY want! Please please PLEASE add a new version! Even though this game is good, it looks old and doesn't have the features some of the other games have. You cant get specials, badges etc. I would REALLY like it if you added this to Freezeria! Its my FAVORITE and i want a new version! PLEASE PLEASE PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEASE! Love it but i wish they added customize ur worker.. This game us really good i really liked it I want a refunded cuz i never got to play tje game it kept crashing Love this app great graphics and i cant wait for them to come out with the pasta game hopefully it come out soon 🤞🤞 Amazing Love Fun to pass the time I like this game alot I play most days when I have some down time, my only criticism would be that once you buy every thing in the shop there is nothing else to buy which for me makes the game lose it's charm a little. please upgrade the shop. I found this game very satisfying very fun fun yes it is good time consuming This is one of my favorite games to play in high school. love this game this game is amazing and value for money I like it because i unlock Papa Louie !!! so best Not challenging, low resolution graphics, rather dull. cost monies but goodxgame gooooooooood game This game is maybe the best of them all! The gameplay is just the best! I wish that they would put bakeria on moble because that was my favorite one! You know all the stuff I just said? IT'S ALL TRUE!!! Find the different face! 😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😝😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜 My sister even likes to play this🤣🤣😂😂 but I just suggest to lower the price so we all can afford but still you can earn 😊 thx The grafics are not that good and they down graded it from the pc version. I like the game, I really do. It's just, I don't really know. Maybe I'm just growing out of it. It just doesn't appeal to me as much as it used to. it was good 👍👍👍 Great game to pass time and you can play with no internet or wifi. My only problem is the waiting score😂 everything is amazing but the animation needs updated! i love this game been playing as a kid on the computer i widh it could have been free but so not a waste can I have a refund because I didn't like my experience can you refund the games I got from here developer amazing game but at a certain point there isnt any new upgrades you can do and theres almost no challenge after you have bought all the decor and upgrades in the shop. still love it and play almost everyday just wish I could get new things. dumbest game I've ever played. Ever! I personally enjoy the game alot. It's an excellent time killer and it was well worth the money. The papas franchise was one of my favorites; I always used to play it on my PC. My only suggestions is if you guys could add the foodini mini games, and customize your character. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND. i wish that someday all papas games will have this game progress to be saved in a certain google acct so that i dont have to start all over again if i change my device. thank you! great great game. ❤ just confuse how to spend my tips, meanwhile I've bought all stuffs. I really lovethis game since I was in grade school and now Im already adult and I still loved it!! I love this game I overall love the game. One problem I have is the music. There should be an option to adjust the sound or turn only the music off in general; the music is louder and over powers the sound effects such as ringing, making it hard to hear when it's done mixing or a customer walks in. Also you should be able to decorate the shop where you want things to go and buy stuff for your character like playing on pc does. Adding those two will improve my experience SO MUCH. Thank you. this game is educational because it teaches me how to make milkshakes. Very fun and good game! it want let me dowland the game to my phone and i already purchased the game so how can i get my money back if i cant play the game absolutely love the papa games please release more of them i rather play them on my phone than the computer due to the fact i dont have wifi to play the others and for me i have MS and these games actually help me focus and keep calm It's pretty good, i rather play these games on Pc but when you're out on the "go" its very useful, but the graphics are a little bit blury but thats fine. Amazing game, Would be better if I had an option to customize my character...It's interesting in the beginning..But later it's tiring this game wont give me my refund and i pushed the refund button! i hate this stupid game! Gurss what i love playing this game so much That one day it crashed so bad i lost all my stuff and i was at day 49. Please FIX THIS I Ned My refund Best and easiest of them all. 😘😘😘😘 cant customise character Love the game but can Flipline Studios update the game to be more like Scooperia or Donuteria with the customization? Great game, and time killer. I've sat for hours playing this game and other games like this one, there is so many ranks to be acheived and customers to serve, but if I had a few critiques it would have to be that I wish that the foodini mini games were in this game like they are in the rest of them. And also I wish that the shop had more features, decor, and much more. I feel like its just not worth paying a whole $2 for. but its still a great time killer Not a very bad game. It has some quirks to it but all in all, it isnt very bad. At least it saves your stuff unlike Geometry Dash (it only sometimes does that and Im talking about Geometry Dash). it wasn't really what I was wanting. I got the donuteria and I had so much fun playing it, I had to get others. I remember these games from my childhood, and this app just doesn't really complete it for me. the graphics are pretty bad compared to some of the other games, and I really just didn't enjoy it very much. Kik It vey exciting!! Nice games👌 Perfect Game for to go, great controls, good gameplay, etc. Game is fun, except the fun doesn't last for more than 20 minutes. i love this game so fun love it Imma just flex that i bought dis geym. #MiEzRetch #EzMoniH i will give 5 if u fix the graphic to HD like in PC version.. can customise the character.. n can you make celebration days too? The game was good but i don't admire the graphic i really hate this game Its very fun to play wen bord and i think its the best papas game i played this game is awsome!😀😎 good game but i don't understand I'm already at level 60 sum and i stopped playing for a while. when I came back, i already lost my game and restarted at level one. I loved it. But a bit costly 😋😋 please add cloud saving I love this game. Remember when cool math wasn't blocked? great game! It's a nice game, This version is a little "watered-down". But it is just as good as the orignal computor game. I love it very much but wish there was more things to buy on the game😕 best smoothie-stick figure styled game in da world!!!! The best game ever it is fun to play when you are in the car for a long period of time! The one part that I do not like is that it does not have Mini games in it but it is still the funniest game I have on my tablet. You should get it today. This game is awesome BEST GAME EVER! it's a good game I wish it had holidays on it like the others online. more things to buy. mini games too. for $2 it doesn't seem worth it :/ its good me noodles my favourite game from 2015 until now Whenever I play this game time flies real quickly and it's very fun!!Also All of them are fun. If only they put the sushi one in the play store... didn't work. boring. also it didn't give me a refund its bery slow and not so fun its not worth a dollar. the best I like it I love all your papa's game, I hope sushiria, pastaria, cheeseria and bakeria to go can release 🤗 ❤ and can you make all this game can save data in google account or facebook maybe? I hope if I change my phone, my data game don't disappear. Thanks It is a good game but it is too easy to mess up on the orders. Dank LOVE IT!!!!!!! Absolutely love the game! However, might I suggest adding in the animations for drinking the punch, chewing bubblegum etc. for the customers like the PC version of Papa's Freezeria. glitchy this is the best hame ever! i love it so much! This game is so amazing and cool. I really like plsying on my free time. I recomend this game if you are a fan of the desktop version. not bad baf when will yall open more games??i love all of them gooooood it is fun but it is sooooooo lagy I want my money back it gets boring over time I love it this game is defiantly worth the money. plus it's pretty cheap, I live it, great game this game is fantasic although i wish that the... HONESTLY EVERYTHING IS AMAZING IN THIS GAME LIKE AHHHHHHH❤❤❤ Its awesome i love this game its really fun u should download it too!!!! I love this game, but I can't get my previous data back. I purchased and downloaded about 2 years ago. I changed my phone, and download it again. Is there any solution how i can get my data back? thanks note: I used the same google account i hope u can get the doughnut one on the play store soon. its my favorite. their all great though!! i love it Love it but I payed for papa's wingeria HD, and now it's not available it's fun its amazing game Graphics are horrible. They're very pixelated. love this game so so much!! definitely worth the money the best game ever I love it its 1 dollar its worth it I used to always play this game on my PC when I was little as it is really fun and I was really surprised that this game had a port for smartphones as well! I just recently bought the game and it is still great but the resolution could be better, doesn't look HD. Nevertheless, it's still a 5-star rating from me. I totally recommend it! im not to happy with this game it wasent that great on the computer and it really hasent change much still cant select my own character and name. Smashing app. I just got done watching all of the Austin Powers movies. 👌🏼👌🏼 5 stars i really love this game because i used to play this when i was very little and i was addicted but i have to uninstall this because storage reasons. needs more upgrades for the store, other than that it's perfect. ILoveit cool good fast fun game love it on pc :) but when i try install it goes to a white screen, then back to install I JUST WANNA SPEND MY FREE 1 POUND Really Addictive! Needs more content like minigames, character creation or being able to move decorations around and change the floors and walls. it is a very good game but i accidentally unistalled it and when i got it back all my data was gone worth the money but the pankcake one is better The only downfall is that when Factory reset, you can't restore your save point from Google Play like most games and apps on the play store. If you were able to do that, I'd give this game higher ratings. good game I love this classic game I Love The Gameplay it was so cool and soo like you were doin what the job is and i like the style of being CARTOONY with their faces looks adorable but its a four star cause it has payments loved it! I want a refund too I didnt like it and it gliched for me idk why, but can I please have refund, thank you 🙂 It's not like the one online, I liked the fact that they actually eat the product I give them. Now if you guys come out with the Dountria, then let me know. its good but would also love to play papas bakeria that would be awesome i loved playing all the papas games on tge computers and still do play them. this was really fun and a great time passer during marching band rehearsal breaks and when ive had to sit out cuz i couldn't march I hate this version of the game, the computer version is better. Why is it bad you may ask ? maybe because half the screen has gone extremely slow when placing toppings and you can't even see most of them when placing them same toppings. your response to others aren't helpful it's just something like" the update is sure to help you" . I cant install it this game gives me memories love it childhood favorite gay I love it I can't stop playing it I just don't like it sorry it's a good time killer love this game so fun and addictive thx for making it to where it can be played on all devices Good it won't give me my money back A really fun game, useful when you want time to go by a bit quicker. I only wish there were more things to spend money on, like decorations for the walls floors, avatar, etc. I've purchased everything from the shop and my money is just piling up.): stupid Awesome game! exactly how I rembered it from when I was little. totally worth the 99 cents! it is so good to tran your kids.😍😍😍 still my favorite 💜 not worth the money it is a very good game Really good game to play when your bored and time just flies by when playing. This one is my favorite game in the Papa's franchise. All the other ones are good and highly recommend playing all of them. The only thing is i wish in this one you could customize your character and also the foodini mini-games (which is why i gave this game a 4 star) but other then that perfect game. HIGHLY RECOMMEND plssss update this app. beautiful game great! best game ever love it. such a cute and fun game hvguhguy8yf I don't like this Baby Alive I don't like this nice meh great app! thanks for the bug fix. its a great game i enjoy it a lot I love this game so much, though it's not as food as the PC version, which is expected. I love it u can play when u are bored. loving it good really nice game but quite annoying customers🤣🤪 you literally can mess up their order and still get a star thats boring af I just love it alot and it is much easier then the one on the computer I like all papa louie's games :) ambitious it's really fun and I recommend it to all of you best game ever created. I love these games. They're so addicting. I have Hot Dogeria, Wingeria, and Pancakeria. Now, I'm just waiting for the day Pastaria hits the Google Play Store. I love this game The game is great, but it has no cloud save. If you ever want to delete the game, just know that you won't be getting your data back. I love the game totally recommend it a nice game, never ending one. I've played the iPhone version and was a bit disappointed to see that the character customization featured there and on pc dont appear here? but in general the game is still very fun! my personal favourite of the papas series. even though it was only one dollar, it was still a waste of money considering since the graphics suck. YAS QUEEN ITS AWESOME I love this app although it costs $0.99 it's still worth it to buy this app. it's so fun! I have fun creating the shakes fast. it is hard though but i like it Pretty fun.... Only thing is that I was expecting something more like the PC version (Making your own character, minigames, decorating your shop, etc.) Beside those things; the only thing that took some time getting used to was the weird controls. AMAZING!! i just wish you guys could add more flavors or new customers or something else with in this app otherwise 5 stars! It is a very fun game totally worth it it may get hard on some levels but keep trying. overall a amazing game I totally recommend it. every time I opened the app my screan when black nothing was there. I tried everything to get it to work but it didn't. I've been playing papa's freezeria on the computer for years. And I enjoyed it. Could you include more papa's louie games like sushiria, bakeria, and pastaria on android tablet and on smartphones in the near future. Thank you. i love this best game on earth seriously anybody who gives this up is coo koo love it i always play it at school it used to work and its a great game but now when i try to open it up on my tablet the screen stays black. Addictive Game good for passing time very fun I love that we can play these games on the phone now. I just wish we could still build our own characters. I love this game..but it would be really more interesting if u could include all those minigames which are present in the computer system. .. it's a horrible game it's so stupid! The update made this game seem like it was made for 3 year olds. The game does everything for you just like those toddler games. totally bummer. can't refund this game. it sucks. i mean i like the game but it won't let me refund! love these games i wish they would come out with all of the papas games like wingeria pastaria, bakeria, cheeseria, sushiria. im glad yall got wingeria on now thank you just cant wait for the others to show up kn here. It's fun but can be really boring at times. Would recommend for kids though. i do NOT like this game it will not let me in so i want my money back NOW Alishs6 i want my money back i had the game on my tablet before and it worked now it doesnt even pop up you IDIOTS on pc fun more than in phone :( it is so fun but you need hd to play the game. good game 👍 i love it its good but make dounuteria love it. it feels like im getting things done.best game i have ever played!! its like really lit🔥🔥🔥 my daughter yuki loves this game so much💖 its awesome love it!!!!!!! it did not won't to load in the games ,so the screen was black. I WANT MY MONEY BACK you need to upgrade your games it has been 2 weeks and the game still haven't downloaded I want a refund IT'S fine but old you can't create your own character but it's good and fun. I do recommend toca boca games even though they cost like four pounds good I can't even open the app. when it does work I'm on black screen nothing else (this is on my tablet by the way) pretty disappointed as I played the game before on the computer and it worked then. it is so much fun so worth the money i think it needs fixed when i reached a certain point the screen went black and i couldnt keep playing. it's an awesome game 👍😎 can you put some more decoration and please add back the parade the stupid thing didn't even work Great Game,I just think they should add more stuff to buy,mini games etc. needs an update! Fun!😁 it didn't even work on my chromebook. it wouldn't get past the loading screen. so thats great:) gr8 it wasn't letting me choose the right ingredient before putting it in then it would crash. I want a refund this gameee is amazing i used to play it on flipline website and now ı'm playing it on my phone . 👍 I used to play this game when I was younger i miss playing this this game wack boring : / I like ice-cream as much as I like this game This is a great game. Thanks for making this game 😉.I hope you make more of theese threw the years. Great game. I absolutely love this game! It was a classic in middle school, and it's a classic now! My only thing is having to pay for it, which sucks. However, it's not a bad price. I hope they add the other games (Papa's Sushiria, Bakeria, Cheeseria, When Burgers/Pizzas Attack, etc.) Absolutely love Flipline Studios! I like this game but I agree with other reviews that after you buy everything then stacking money isn't any fun. Also if you got more than 6 customers after a certain point, mix it up or something. My son has the HD version on his IPAD. Atleast on that one you get 8 customers plus you can buy clothes, hats, etc for your server and even arrange your store with cool stuff like game machines etc. I can't even get the HD version on android. nice app the game is very addicting but some times it gets really boring I wish you could customise your carictor and you actually have to bye other than that's it's a really good game. Really recommend really good game thanks this game is BORING. Its nothing.like the computer game not worth my money I LOVE THIS APP loved it but i can't get my money back Awesome had this game since I was like 5 pretty awesome but super easy and doesnt go above 6 customers so it's never fresh after the second week except new products and customers not the best you can't create your own worker and more stuff for me it was a waste of money but the other apps are good. I love the cupcakeeria Old Game, But Awesome :-) I love this game it is worth the cost it's great Good the qulity is just blah I love it Love this app and its worth the money! I just dont know how to decorate my shop🤔 It made my phone really glitchy and it was overall really slow. Fun at first but after awile it gets a little boring, but still great game. you have to pay for the games on mobile but its all free on pc, Amazing pretty addicting masterpiece it's really fun No fun at all. The game is laggy, the animation is disappointing, and the playability is almost 0. It's very nice and it kinda teaches you how to be good if someone ever got this job! Great, I love it I kinda liked it it was a good strategy game It was lit Should have a way to link on google. Progress is all gone if you switched devices. It's sooooo fun I play this on the chromebook. I BOUGHT IT AT 10:00 A.M AND I DIDN'T GET MY REFUND! I like it nice This game is a really great time killer when traveling. This app also doesn't require data so you can play it anywhere! I LOVED IT lol lol lol lol lol Well it was awesome and I love papa's bugerarya but you see i cant get it cause I don't have that much money in Google play so plz send me some money 😢 this app is amaizing You definitely play it and download its an amazing game everything is so cool I have a lot of time to do this game and this is a good one and the best game 😃😊😊😊😊😊😋😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😰😰😰😰😇😇😰😇😇😇😰😇😇😇😇😇😰😰😇😰😇😇😇😇😇😇😇👽😇😇😇😇😇👽👽👽👱👱💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑 It is pretty good😯 I played this with my bff😘🤗 Really good although it's way better on the computer glitchy. not really worth the money but here I am oof Love the game I love this game it is fun I think it is a good game I like it Love this app and game but definitely too too many ads. Its a good game, but it needs to be more worth the money I think this game is amazing but I think that if you purchase one of the games like this one then you should at least be allowed to chose one other one or you could just make the price divide in two It's good It's really fun Great I love this game! It is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED from me. I'm not the best at reviews I'm better at just getting to the point and, the point is THIS GAME IS THE BEST GAME IVE EVER PLAYED! I love you're games I have all of them purchased but I would like to have you're out her game papa's sushiria it's a fun game can you make it plzzzz for Ipad or phone either one thank you 😊 Frozen Pops, Pop Tarts All Have Cold Heart, Just Like This Game Luv This Whole Game Thx For Making It I'm Positive I Will Not Be Uninstalling This Any Time Soon THIS IS MY FAVORITE GAMES IN THE WORLD!!! I think that everyone needs to get this game but just be alarmed that is takes up a lot of storage This game is so fun it great for when you get broad I kinda regert buying this its gets fun thin its gets boring you cant decorate your restaurant Its ok It got boring after 2 days Lol it is ok Great keeps me entertained during class Coo Best game ever! I'm addicted Loved it very easy to play better if it were free I love it so much. So addictive love it!❤❤ I had this game for one day I would really like a refund its not as simple as the computer version Good Game As smooth as it used to be years ago! do not like it im am sorry Cool been looking for a good game Wayyyyy worse that the computer version. Not worth the money. Its....... AWSOME I'M IN LOVE AND OBSESD WITH THIS GAME Way to much lag it's not what I expecting it's not bad just not for me.i like playing these games on the computer more then in a app. so I hope can get a refund. This game was absolutely amazing although there are flaws in game but it is addictable. It was worth it buying It a great game for passing time Omg I got to bring my tablet to school and people loved watching me play this game! Even one of my classmates said they are getting it and will love it just by looking so this is a great game!!!!!! I want to refund this I love these games I have them all, I really want the pancake one for mobile. Are you ever going to add that one? Good good game I WANT A REFUND 🖖🏾 I love this app it is so much fun Favorite Papa's game on the phone! WASTE OF MONEY DONT BUY THIS ITS TRASH... WHERE IS MY REFUND!!!!!!!!!! HERE ARE THE RULES Answer numbers 1-5 first and then do number 6 and I will post your facts. 1. Who is your best ex? State the name! 2. Describe me 3. Are you currently liking someone? State the name! 4. What is one thing you want to say to me but you're scared to? 5. What is your biggest fear? 6. You have to post on your story "Send me 'Hey' and I will post 3 facts about you." Ive enjoyed this game since I was just a little girl and now that I'm playing with it I feel young again ive played almost all of papas games💞😀💜💙💚💛👍❤💁 I love this game I mean I really enjoy making milkshakes for other people 5 stars Not what I expected whatsoever. this is a amazing game Best game ever I want a refund :( I can't refund I open it one time only Sucks Best game ever Worth every penny Amazing game. I love this game its amazing Great app love it ♡♡♡ but needs more things to purchase in the store Love this game Thank you dad for buying me the game! You knew how much I wanted this, and all sudden, you bought it It's sooo fun LOVE IT THANK YOU GUYS FOR MAKING THIS GAME It is very fun and addictive Absolutely love this game! Discovered 8 years ago on coolmath games, and was super stoked when I found it on the play store, I can play this game for hours on end! It NEVER stops!!!!! The is fun and addictive AWESOM E I love this game. It's challenging and fun I like it. Itsmperfect though if u play classworks u could play this for free but idc and i likemplayingnthe real games. The best game ever 👍 I got the wrong one and now it won't let me refund it I am sooo mad please let me refund it please!😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠 It's lit Amazing I always love the Papa's games, but I dont own a laptop, so this game is great for me. Definitally worth the $0.99 ! This is the only game of it's kind I've ever liked, this is the first time playing the app version and it's pretty great. I just wish more than six customers can come a day, it's not very hard when only six show up each day. Idk I had $1.00 so I bought this it's fun Its the Best game It's a great game in love with it Its a great app in my opinion S super fun!!😁😁 I can't refund 😠😠 I want a refund. Now. Please? I want my money back Noice Awesome I don't know of its me, but i play this on a chrome book and every time i go to play the game it either only plays the music and the screen is black, or everything loads but it won't let me off the starting screen. i have redownloaded and restarted the laptop but it won't work except for the first time i play it. then it stops. otherwise this is a really fun game with great graphics and gameplay :) The game is nice Noice Can I get a refund!?!?!? I absolutely adore Papa's freezaria, it was my first papas game ever! I love how much easier to do it on the phone it is! My only wish is that y'all make one for the Doughnutaria cause that one is my second favorite Very fun and additive game great for yourself or the kids and also a good time spender AMAZING💜 Love this game as it is so addictive I love this game because it was my childhood Good game Nice game Love it! Nice, time killer Love it Goodie I love this game you should get this game but idk why it cost money🤔 The game is okay, but it is not really worth the dollar. The controls are  also okay, but the gameply repeats and repeats over and over. The game is  telling me "Hey, serve 5 customers then a closer". The customers and the  closers all come at the same time after the first week. I would really like  to see an update where they change this like having more customers come  certain days or have multiple closers. That would make the game harder and  more fun. Amazing it doesn't need inernet Super fun and Addicting I love it cause I get to make stuff It's a good game to play when u don't have wifi LOVE IT Amazing game I wish u could decorate the way I want it very creative and fun app awesome! This is the best game I ever played!Thank u Flipline studios for creating  Papa's Freezeria To Go!Fabulous, awesome, fantastic, outstanding,  excellent, wonderful...there aren't many words to describe this game!!! Love this game!! Sooo addicting but sometimes it acts up.. This might just  be me but some stuff glitches. For example: the only toppings someone asked  for was cream and a banana and it only gave me a 50% even though it was  stacked well! Is this just me? Not sure Amazing game. After level 15, there is nothing new to offer. Just new  flavors. It gets boring Super fun, I love the papa games... ^^ Aweeeeesooooommmmeee I like the game because when I grow up I think I can do it to I can't get past level 2 love it I can only play a few of these games. I wish they would make the wingeria  and all the others for phones. My favorite childhood game! So glad to see how far the papalouie series has  expanded Should have more items in the shop This game is quite cool but I wanted to get a refund but it didn't let me.  I don't know why I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!! That was awesome It had a glich and I want my money back Can u add a worker with blond pink hair is skinny a nice purple and blue  dress with black wedding shoes and its a girl and no work clothes also can  you put a rainbow flavor please thank you!!! I love this game its like I  want to live in that game!!! frezeria is great It's kinda boring and it is not worth the money So fun! Loved it Overall I love the game and it is super addictive. I love this game so much Best game ever😂🤣😘😍😏 Why does it stop at uncle Louie? Like hes a 3 star customer and when i get  to the last little star to complete his 3 gold star thing it resets and i  have to do it again and again. I really liked these games in school wish i  didnt have to pay money for them. But overall a very good game. I think this game is the best one yet I always love the Papa's games, they're cute and addictive! OMG!!!! This game is brought me to my childhood when i play my  laptop...although in android/IOS version...i wish that there's more  decoration. Overall great game. Yay ADD CLOUD SAVE PLEASE! Thanks This game is so addictive I've so I think it deserves that 89 p or ¢ I had it before but I deleted it but I got it back and I wuv it but it took  so long time to download like sooo long about a day.-. But I wuv it 😄😍😄 This is the best game i have by far!!!! I LOVE it❤ Its good Omg I love this game so much I cant get a refund😒 Its fun but plzz can you give me refund I love this game is my fourth favourite one I like the old version better than the newer version It's a good time waster if your bored and it's fun to play too Love it but pleaseee and more pap games pleaseee It takes forever to install but it's a fun game to pass time by. I played the PC version and this is a lot better. I rarely rate 5 stars but  I really like this game. Could do with a sandbox mode.The only reason I  stopped playing is because I couldn't port to my new phone It's amazing Can you make the audio separete from Music and Sound? Loving it although some times the characters glitch in and out of screen  when I'm taking their order I would really like to have this fixed Can You Make papas bakerya it would be better if there were more things to do rather than only serving  the drinks over and over again.. it could get boring overtime It's a nice and fun game but....I would really like my refund because it  wont show me how to get it now and I would really like it....please I'd  appreciate it....thank you. It's just one of my favorites games I use to play all of the time when I  was little and now I'm back into it DONT GET THIS DO ME A FAVOR AND STOP BEING LAZY AND GO ON A COMPUTER AND IF  YOU DONT HAVE A COMPUTER GO TO THE LIABRARY AND SEARCH IT UP ITS ALOT  BETTER I WASTED MONEY ON THIS AND IT WAS CHEAP AF DONT MAKE THE SAME  MISTAKE I DID I GOT LIKE 10 OF THESE THINKING THEY WOULD BE GOOD I WASTED  20 BUCK ON THIS I love it!! It's so much fun and adicting. And it doesn't need Internet to  play!! Everyone should get this game!!!! Great game well worth my money Its really good trust me its worth money I would like a refund I'm trying to find out how to get it I love how you have to book the slushie I hate it it was a waste of my $$ Amazing game and totally worth more than $1. Awessssssssoooooooommmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeee never I love throughout the whole thing!! You get to make shakes for customers  and its so easy!! I love it!!!!! It's a good way to spend your time. I love this game but I prefer the  complete version because you can have more clients and different  decorations. I love it so much! Its so fun I really like it. So good Addicting! I usually play on the computer, so I'm glad that they have a  mobile version as well. Very fun, challenging and can be addictive game. Great pass time. Love it. Happy to pay 90p for a game with no ads, glitches or in app  purchases. I love it and I think that the game is cool and a Loved it!!😁😁😁 THEY TOOK MY MONEY AND I DELETED THE GAME BUT NO REFUND AND IT SAID I CAN  GET A REFUND It's amazing It is fun to play Best It's ok I got board after a while tho Better on computer but ok The graphics of the people and place look alot worse than they used to . Nice game would recommend Great game It's a fun, unique game at first - but then the levels don't really  increase in difficulty. I'm already getting bored. Its So cool!! Like ima play this all day for real! YOUR DUM GAME IS 👉👌=👪 This is a great app and I recommend you bring it Awesome! SO FUN TO PLAY Can i have a refund? I like it because of how it really goes for a real Milkshake Restaurant but  it is still cartoony. Great controls This game is my 4th to 5th grade all over again Is very boring and bad waste of money  $1.99👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 Please add more things to this game like more things to help you with  orders and add alit more stuff minigames too if you add that i will put 5  stars i love this game i rate it a 5/5 I am in love with this app This game is my absolute favorite You guys make the best games thank you  for being awesome. Love it Fun game Tuesday Boring The game is fun and you can learn math like rules Cool Can you make more and can they be free I paid a dollor for that a game and its totally worth it It is great I love this game with all of my heart. But please have a way to sign in so  you don't lose your progress!! I LOVE this game so much Awesome game This game is great. It is the best!!! I loce this game so much I love it! Google Play randomly gifted me a dollar so I got really excited because  that meant I could vbuy this on my phone. I've been addicted to this but I  haven't been able to play it because I can't play online computer games on  my computer ESKEEIT Love thus game I love it Love it I like the freezeria game better on computer. It's still good and all, but  It feels like a wait of money. Refund, please? So far I love the game. But there's somewhat very little things that you  can buy. Compared to the game in the computer version, which has more  things to buy. That and this game needs more of a challenge. I'm on day 43  and there's only 6 customers. It's not really much of a challenge and it's  getting kinda boring now. So addicting! im 13 and it may seem babyish for me to play this but its so  fun and omly cost like 1 dollar. but its worth it. It adicting Its really good goodonly flaw it takes long to load I love it! I downloaded this app when I got Google Play money (AkA my  birthday)! Ever since then I have been in love with paid papa's games! Keep  it up! I need a refund!! My 7 year old bought this without my permission! How do I put this um.........its amazing ITS AMAZING ITS AMAZING Just update, please...update 2018 I loved the game but it should be free beaides that its great Horrible Graphics looks like Hillary Clington Its a good game I love this game so much I tried the cupcake game I hated it I love this  game because I love how you get more and more every seven levels even when  you finish the game it is still as fun as it is before you finish it I want a refund this game better on computer! I want my money back! Money back Hate and want my money back I need it on I really love this game! It's a great time waster and is WELL worth the  price. I hope they make Papa's Donuteria on mobile... it is my favorite one. Lame This is one of the best games I have ever played..😁😃☺ I love this game! But the products in the shop is so few. I wish there was  more products and you can choose where tou can put it. I also suggest that  we can change our name. Not just "penny" or "alberto" I will truly love  this game more if you can customize the character and your shop. I love this game Do you think its cool cause its amazing I love how well they made the characters. Everytime i make the ice cream i get hungry myself. I love this game. This game was over the top game I love this game Awesome How could you expect a bad rating? All papa's games are fun. My favorite is the cupcakeria one. :) I gave this 5 stars because it is so much fun and there are so many things you can do on this amazing game Good Great I think this game is fun because I don't always have my computer on me. This game is very addicting and fun! I'm at rank 90 and opened everything. I like how much stuff there is to open. I just don't like that there is a limit to buying things because I bought everything so I'm getting one for nothing. I have like, $10,000 Classic game everyone loves This is a great app to play to pass the time much easier than playing on the computer it is grate This is the one that started it all! I seriously have like 7 papa's games downloaded on my devices at all times. Yesss Its repetitive but its fun.. Needs more things to buy in the shop. Other that that I like it.. Amazing and weird  I mean who orders smores with strawberry that's downright disgusting! Also that makes no sense for me a customer gave me 97 percent but didn't like it you need to fix this but overall it was fun I could play it forever it's so awsome It is totally worth it anyone who is reading this you should buy this I love this game and i have play this game on my laptop...and next update i need the customers can use that we buy for decorate the lobby...PLEASE Its good but the computer version is free but its fun and worth it Addictive and amazing Nice The game is very addictive!! .99 was totally worth it. I don't regret. It not one little bit.☺ I hate everything I love it a lot. This game is so much better on my laptop. I thought It would be just as good as taco mia but it doesn't even compare. I'm glad it was only a dollar. 😐 A legendary game I don't know how to describe this game other than it just feels like a rip off of the original. The graphics are bad, the game-play is ok, and there are almost, if not, no animations at all.  It's ok for $0.99, but it's just inferior to the PC version. The only thing I like is that they added some new ingredients, but that's about it, making it feel like even more of a rip-off. Overall, it just feels like a lazy cash-grab. I'd stick to the PC version, since it's free and WAY better than this. This game is addictive and fun It is I love this game. I play it days on end. It's an awesome game . It's just amazing I loved it bet game It...Is... AWESOME!!!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 *Good graphics!* Very easy to play , great for long road trips. The experience is so good that I can't even rate it! Keep up with the great work. :D Love this app😍 I got bored fast I want refund but I can't get one GIMME MY REFUND It has everything a smoothie game could ask for... you can costamize your restaurant, by special blender things, and level up and buy more. This game is THE BEST food game I've played...it's so fun and I can NEVER stop playing.😆😁 It's TOTALLY worth it!!😏🍉 LOVE IT Yes Its great!! I just don't understand why it needs to be $1.00! I hate it Needs more content and some bug fixes for scoring, but other then that, great! When are you going to put more off these game. I see you have update on tablet but what about the phone. Please add more off your game please Refund This game is amazing my little brother play's this game on my phone and he absolutely loves it even I love it and it's really addicting Welcome to Papa's Freezeris To Go! Day Games Gameplay Build ANY OF THE PAPAS GAMES ARE MY FAVORITE. I actually like it How Google gave me £3 So now i bought this game! This app is one of the GREATEST GAMES EVER!!!For whoever reads this comment,GET THIS AMAZING GAME!!!😁😃😆 I need you guys to put Papa's hotdogria papa's cheeseria papa's donutria This game is the best game i have ever but can you make the other to go games free please It's a great little game I liked it because I like making money and milkshakes This game is the best I just luke fkn up the orders 💎💎💎💎💎💎😻😻😻😻😻🌞🌞🌞🌞🌞🌞🌞🌞👍👍👍 This game is very amazing! It doesn't lag or whatever like other games. Can you do Papa's Cheeseria's next? I really really love the game! Addicting This app is very addicting I could go on it all day. Live it This is a stupid game not fun and very slow to Very entertaining Ur gam SUCKS Acceses maybe for me and info communication to myself in the internet I love this game, but there's also things I miss about it like being able to customize your character, and the lobby. Also the mini games, I noticed the ticket guy is here and when I first started I thought "Yess mini games are here too" but then I got disappointment. Addictive game I &lt;3 this Love this game so much definitely worth the money I never buy games but I'm glad I brought this one as its so fun and a great multitasking game! Definitely thinking of buying the other papa food games eventually I love this game it is the best i am so glad i faund this game love😘😘emoji i love it O.m double G  this game is ssssooo fun Love this game is so fun It's 0.99 tshd My dad beats my mom in the other room while i play this so it distracts me thaks papa looe I LOVE IT  CAN MAKE ICE CREAM This game is so addictive and Fun! I really like it. Hope to see more Ynow one of those days when your sitting on your couch bundled up all comfy? This game right here would be the thing you should play at that time. This is the best stuff I ever seen This is a nice game You should make more  of to go Every time there are 2 smoothies in the topping room they both disappear then I have to make 2 new Smith is then the customers are unhappy and then there's no point in playing the game! Plz fix then I'll change my review. Love it I love it since the laptop version. Spent money to buy this is worthy. This game was my #1 dream to get at first though I didn't want it cause it cost money but then my mom gave me a Google play card and I decided "Yes I need to do it" and with some taps......I bought it! (This is a true story) I really like this game but I'd like to get all the other game like papa susharia, bakeria and all the others I'd buy them all. Hopefully will be able to get them all as they are good to play to kill time if your bored. I like it Omg i love this app BORING I love ice cream🤗🙂 Frustrating but fun Addictive and so much fun! So worth paying for I'm in love with these games😍 Great time killer Love it and good quality. I love  it Best games I hate this game it's so boring and lame I'm so not in to it I'm delete this game! Cool game also could u make the other games free please. It is so best. Really Fun This game is so addictive and satisfying. I actually bought like 3 of these games.. They're so fun!!! 10/10 reccomened Just a bad game want a refund! A great time waster I love this game, played it on the computer non-stop, i hope the devs update the game to where you can customize your character, but it still functions fine so I wont give it a bad rating. Easy on device not laptops and it's fun and challenging☺☺🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓😱😬😳😻 I love this game This app won't download. I tried to do what it told me and clear my cashe but it still won't work please fix this!!! I really enjoy this game Can you please put seasons in the game please so that it can be more funner it really would be awesome if guys could thank you. Honestly favorite game right now This game is so addictive and amazing. It is worth the money Thank you Google for giving me $1 to download a childhood game It sucks I loved the game, but I have a few suggestions. First of all, can you make it so we can play those mini games at the end of every day? And also, please make some of your games free ( I know papa Louie pals is coming out soon for free) this is the only papa Louie app I own bc you have to pay for all your current apps It's amazing  I love it you should definitely download it If they changed the shop to decorating the furniture ourselves I would give it a 5. I love how you can make a cupcake It's really cool and addictive but I wish they had Foodinis mini games like it had in the original. But I honestly recommend Love papa's games 💗 MY NAME IS KIERAN LEE BIRD AND I HAVE PLAYED THE PAPA,S SIERIS MY HOLE ENITIE LIFE AND I WILL NOT SOTP UNTILL I HAVE COMPLETED EVERY SINGLE PAPA'S GAME EVER MADE I WOULD LIKE TO THANK FLASH STOUIDUORS FOR MAKING THESE GAMES 👑👑👑👑👑👑👑👑👑👑😀😀😀😀😀 First i play this game when i was 7 years old on my computer. Until now, i still love this game :) It a fun game. (so addicting ) Great game, very entertaining! It would be nice if you could see your current achievements and what other achievements you can get. Also maybe an option to see your current ingredients with their names and some information about them, like an ingredient encyclopedia. I feel like after you buy everything from the shop the game gets a bit boring because you don't really have a goal. Ok It is awesome so fun to play! LITTERALY AWESOME I'M SO ADDICTED 😂❤ My kids love this game, so I love it too I've been playing these games for a few years, however I just now began to start playing again and It's great. I love it Play for hours Just like the computer I think its super cool but you need to like have it were you get to design you're own ice cream🍦 It's ok Amazing time killer, totally addicted. I got 3 more games of this It's a lot easier It is awesome Amazing! Love the graphics and really easy to play and addictive. Aswome It is reallt fun and giod for car rides I love everything Its ok.... AWESOME  THANKS  FOR  MAKING Awesome app I want a refun It's cool 2£#4334 I always like to play papa's in my computer. I never thought that the game can be played in mobile phones too! Only that you'll need to pay to play for this game than what I have thought in mind. Good thing it is cheap. THIS.GAME.RUUUUUUULES!!!!!!!!!SO FUN IF U DON'T HAVEBIT,GET IT!PLUS,IT'S ONLY 99 CENTS,SO BUY IT!!!!☻😍😂😁😀😃😄 This game awesome and addicting This game is my   life So addictive and fun to play. I have played this game at school home and cocomputer it is sooooo good i give it 5🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 I really love this game it helps me focus. I love this game I played it allot on my computer but paid my money to down load it on my phone and it isn't even downloading day enough like the free apps do and it keeps stopping and restarting I would like my full refund please I think this game is pretty great. It has really good graphics and I like when you can earn new toppings and stuff. I just think that you should be able to costumize your player, there should be mini games, and you should make to go ones for all of them like the wing one. I need a refund plzzzz I like this games Love the game The papa's game definitely the best arcade game i'd played. N Hey i'm waiting for papa's sushiria 😂 The game is great but sometimes I get mixed up with the orders you shuol put all the other games on here By far my favorite game Some gliches but otherwise alright. I think this game is one of the best game ever because you can play it on any thing like phone  tablet computer  and it's fun Love it This is the best game ever so additive This is a awesome and fun game to play I love all the Papa's games I wish they had all of them available for your phone. I think instead of using it on your phone you should play it on the computer Amazing ok Cool and good and awexome I think its a boring game but great graphics. Still i do not like this game, it is super boring Best game ever to entertain your self when you are board or when you are waiting for something or some one.that's way I will be giving it five stars👍⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐👍 Love it is fun i got it from my friend and at school Unlike the other "to go" games,  this doesn't have much features.  There's no "playing through the holiday" feature and that really sucks because it tends to get boring sometimes. Plus there are very few items that can be purchased in the shop and there's no "decorating the lobby" feature either. I was a little hesitant to purchase the hd version of the game in case it wouldn't be like the actual game so went in for the 'to go' one which is really amazing but because of the lack of features, i wish i could upgrade it to the hd version Loved It Love the game. But it needs some of the stuff from the PC version. Meaning more stuff in the shop, customizable avatar, and mini games. i love this game Its a cool game. I CAN'T PLAY THE GAME!!! WHAT IS THE PIONT OF PLAYING A GAME WHEN YOU CAN'T PLAY!!! It kept asking me the same questions over and over!😠 Good but I think it's a bit more limited. Though I highly recommends it....worth your money 😊 I think that this game is some much fum it was worth the money the free one was not good it was hard to use just terrible I like this game because I'm 20 and im getting a job to work to make milkshake and this game helps me Thank u for making this game!! I love  the  game I like it I love this game! Its so cute This game is fun but not really inchrusting Amazing loved it on computer love it here I cried 😢 I love this game so much.. start playing this game in 2011 ..and start download and play in my phone.. hahaha Hey gg I think ots really fun to play It's better than on the computer I love papa's bakeria so much but its only at Google's Ossum game Pretty fun game! Great way to pass the time. Athough I do recommend a little more challange. So far I am on level 17 and I am still serving only 6 customers a day. This game is the best Even though you have to pay it is super fun and addicting! I hate it I think it's great because I love ice cream and Sundays Yea boi Yea boi I hate it fun game; however, the screen shrinks temporarily when i recieve an outside notification Great Graphics.I love how you made look so real. I used to love this game I rebooted my tablet and then my save was gone :( I used to play these games on the computer and when I found them on my phone I knew I had to buy all of them - and I did lol. All of your games are great -keep up the awesome work!! Its a great and amazing game. Though I was hoping it would have much more stuff in the shop. This game is the best and I'm on rank 16, reply to me on what u are on??? I love this game! Has been one of my favorite games for along time! I'd pay the price just to play this game it's worth it to me! By far my favorite game to play on my device needs to be updated like the other papa games because it's the best out of them all Really cute game! Love it. Keep updates going! It's fun :3 How do you get refunds ther is a game iwhant and i dont play this game anymore The game is fun, but you cant customize your character sadly. And i have bought everything from the shop, which wasn't aloy and now i cant spend my game money anymore, so it doesn't matter anymore how much money i get because i cant do anything with it anymore This app is Mega mega cool, I love Papa Louis games and my favorite one is the Donuteria, and the Sushieria. Please make more updates this game is so much fun. Good. But I want more poster and other to change up more like the flash game. Other than that mini-games. I like it Great Port of a great game! ITS SO ADDICTING!!!!!!!! I love the game overall, I just wish it had the holidays. I love it!!!!! I LOVE IT its like your working in real life super smooth loved the graphics 😁 I really like this game it is so fun What ever happened to Papa's Freezeria HD? That one was way better than this version! This is is stupid can't refund the app i bought it by accident and i n a few seconds i could not refund. I will rate 5 stars if i can refund this app i don't want this application please give me a refund I love this game because you make TONS of smoothies/milkshakes. But the problems are, you can't change ur character, can't ME ur character, you can't place where you want your stuff in the lobby, there r no holidays AND no booths and a second helper. TOTAL bummer. Still fun though. It was fun I think it's great. It's really fun but the hd one is better Lit af 🔥🔥🔥 I wish that this game would give me back my money back Its the best game ever ❤❤👌👌 This is a very fun addicting game I will rate five stars when you add the mini game's please that the best part with out the mini game's people will get bored faster It's good but doesn't give you your money back but you can install it later or when ever The HD version would be better for my tablet in terms of graphics. Other than that it's great. Love this game but it gliches Its ok Very good .!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's so fun and addicting Great fun game... Love all of them.. How can I save the game? I wiped my phone and had to start way over.. Can I save it in google? ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡ best games ever! Best thing ever Great game...just don't know how to get 100% on everything Good for a mobile game 👍 This was so fun I was play this all day is so fun It didn't lag at all I sat there just on my bed playing it I told my bro to put it on his tablet and he loved it to it was so much fun I didn't know if this would work but it did I fell in love with the game I played it well walking 😂😂 this game is my life 😀😀😀😀😘😘😘 Good game OMG thank you again this is so much fun. I love what you sid with the special menu. Loving it Good 5 stars  I LOVE IT!!!! :D It's fun, it's easy, I like it It is lit I love this game so much best ever I hate it only because its $1.00 like it should be free i wot my cach back Love this game but please add mini games and to make the game more fun. Other than that this is my favourite game to play. Overall totally worth the money. If u love playing this game on the computer, you will love the app too. I find this game easier to play on my android phone than on my computer. I WANT A REFUNDDDDD I like it ask do in Love this game So Awesome I love this game please make more apps I think the game is good it just isn't worth 99 cents. Wish I could get my money back. I got it with a rare Google rewards code. I'm mad u can't customize anything It would  not  give  me  my  money  back . Dont like after you buy everything in the store thats it. I have 900 bucks and cant buy anything else so why bother anymore. You make money to do nothing with this is my fave game since i was in my elem-hs days, and just today i will try to play it, im going to take a look if im still best with this I love this game on coolmath but on app version... LOVE IT!! Love it Love it It is the best game ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ I think they should put more papas games in the play store This game is addictive but fun. I loved it It's is a fun great and awesome game , but I wish that it did not cost money for the papa Frieza games Waste of money you could play it online for free I was addicted to this game then I had to stop playing it because it was all I would do 🤣. Overall good game! CANT SAVE MY GAME!?!? My rank was so high before.. i dont wanna start all over again😭 Good game love these games si much Like it!😀 You can easily have hours of fun with this. Fuuuunnn Great app! This game is very fun to play and a wonderful time killer! Since it doesn't require any Wi-Fi, you can play it anywhere and whenever you want to. You can for example play during a long flight or a taxi ride or even in the subway! So, if you're looking for a game with good graphics and hours of fun, I definitely recommend this app. Have a great day/night/evening/morning! It was a wonderful game! This game is sooo much fun!!!! I love it!! I liked and all but when I wanted a refund it didn't give me a refund which was 99 cents. The only problem I have is that you can't skip the training part and that you don't get to cutumize your own character and name them...and the Google Play Store should add Papa's susharia. This game is addictive I LOVE IT!! I play it everyday and it's so AWESOME! If they add papa's wingeria I will definitely buy it! Brilliant game and nothing wrong with it so addictive and is amazing all install so worth the money! :-) I LOVE THUS FREAKING GAMEE!!! Brilliant game but burgeria should be free not 79 p Loved by many guess what I'm        not like many people I'm like all of them LMAO This game is awesone It looks  delicious  it's keep on making me hungry I love love love how they give you a refund and I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS GAME.😇😇😇😇It's like an angel to me Amazing So fun I loved it was just so much fun i cant even explane it Love, love, love the papa's game's. I feel they are very underrated. So much fun to play and very addictive. So worth the money. A must buy game. Would love if you had more papa's game's on Google play AWESOME I love this game it is amazing I am very diapointed, it is not as good as the flash game, witch is just wrong as I had to pay money for it. It gets boring fast, as it is too easy for too long of a time. I'm just at the beginning and Im alredy board. But with the flash game i can play for hours at a time, and only get up becuse I need to use the loo.  Overall disapointed. Hope the developers make it harder. It is so fun it is not like the original but it is still fun.☺😀 Its good so good I is a very fun games for kids  ﻿✨🌾     🌾     🌾     😏😏😏😏😏 😏😏😏😏😏😏😏 😏🕓🕓😏🕓🕓😏 😏🕓🎱😏🕓🎱😏 😏😏😏😏😏😏😏 😏😏😏✔😏😏😏 🌀😏😏😏😏😏🌀 😏🌀😏😏😏🌀😏👍 👉🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀 🌀🌀🕐🌀🌀🌀🌀 🌀🌀🕐🕐🕐🌀🌀 🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀     🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀     👟                👟 Love this game it's a great  time killer plus I had to delete this and I got it back for free Not a good game Just wish it would cloud save my games if I un install it :&lt; always have to restart these games no matter what I do lol. Oh well still fun as ever keep it up. Sucks I want my money back I really love the papas game seris. This is, like a life changing app for me because it is now on my phone. it's not a boring game and very funn yeah I think its a great game for kids older and younger It's awesome More shop items and please add minigames, if possible.  Thank you,  love the game! I love the game and it is fun fun fun fun fun fun fun So cool.. Love it It's ok, the game itself is fun, but I got bored quickly. It's high quality and there's a lot of effort into it, I just think it gets boring quickly. Would get a refund if I could Give me a refund!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Right now this  game is stupid I want a refund This is a great game! But paying really? On the laptop it's free! What eves! It was totally worth it buying this game it was actually the first papas game I have played on my laptop! Keep on going with game and plz make it that we can customise our character!!! And put mini games look through all the review I'm sure 100% chance that you will! Find atleast talking about minigames or character designing or even both!!! I started playing this game online and i took it seriously, it was my life 😂 I had nothing better to do and it became my favorite game. When I saw there was an app I didn't hesitate to get it. I love it so much. I play it all the time. It doesn't drain my battery and it's just flat out fun! Me encanto I think this game is so addictive and fun, I could play it for hours! It hardly lags and runs very smoothly.  The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it seems a lot more limited compared to the computer version - for example there are no mini-games or custom workers. If this game gets updated to have these features I'll rate the game 5 stars :) It is a good good good very very good game It such a great game thanks Flipline studios Great cost and nice game 😍😍 I really cool over all play this game it awesome and really nice with my friends Love this game! Always have! Awesome It's a good game. I love 🍦. It's awesome!!! They should improve the shop put more thing and also be able to customize your character Can I have a refund please! I live this game it's as good as the computer one Ok I want a refund becuse the graphics are terrible I love it so much I like this better than the computer version, but it's Differant Awsome and the pic on top scroll to the 4 pic of the girl with her arms up if u look closely u see the unicorn frap.😂😂😂😉💙❤💚 Great game, easy to play great time killer I loved it! This is my third favorite one, but please add wingeria. I really like this game, it's good to play when your travelling or even just bored Amazing. So much fun and addictive. You should i try it This game is better when you play it on your tablet or android💖! I like the to go ones better💖😘! This game is super fun and entertaining especially during a car ride 😊 Gucci Absolutely smashtastic!!!! Loved this game when it was on a website, free unobstructive fantastic gameplay. The app is the same. Developers pay heed, i would easily pay 30£ for this game in full, for xbox 360 format, no purchases,  ads or timeouts, just pure fun. Thats what this is all about, games that people want to buy.  Cant believe so many miss this trick.  Want unadulterated fun? Download this. Along with burger shop2 and plants v zombies, these three have are responsible for the game mania now. Awesome Do not buy this game! I want a refund. Not enough things to buy in the shop, gets boring after a week of having it. 😕 I love this app so much Great game Love it soooooo much!!!😏 Its very fun!!!😌 This game is very fun but I hope the developers can add a few things such as customer list, locked and unlocked badges, more items in store and some customization options. I'm kinda mad, I paid for the bakeria game, got a new phone and went to download it and now it's no longer in the store to download? what happened? I paid for it, do I get what I paid back or nah? like what the hell Very good From the look of it my child loves it I rated all 5 stars has good graphics So its cool Time consuming 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 I love the multitasking Great but expensive I want refund this game is amazing I like it 窩操，這遊戲牛逼了這! Controls - 6/10  Gameplay - 9/10  Graphics - 7/10   Overall - 7/10 It's good but u can never get a refund if u don't like it No I love all the papa games especially this one Aaaa Awesome I love how it has different ingredients than the computer 😍 Great Game It easy I love the papa louie games and since i dont have a computer its awesome you can playb on your phone☺☺☺☺☺☺ I love it!! it has great graphics and its very addicting ! if you don't have it Plz buy it because its worth it!! This game is really fun. I do wish we could customize our characters and shop, but over all I think this game is great. I definitely recomend it. It was worth the cost. I would pay more to get this game. Cool Super fun to play ! Welcome To Pokemon Moonlight Fast Food / Ice Cream Shop Can you add papa's hotdogeria to go Or papa's pancakeria to go LOVVVVEE THIS GAME..but on the pc I can change the wallpaper and lot more stuff I can put in the store they I want. Here I can't it choose how I should look like and no wallpaper ... other then that it's awesome THIS IS SOO COOL Great game good graphics It's a dollar. I forget I'm even in line. It's a great game for kids Can u get your money back I LOVE IT!!! I recommend this game and make sure you have fun! ^^ Love it! Pls update more Great Loved it I WANT A REFUND GIVE ME A REFUND OR ILL SUE UR BUSINESS FOR 50$ IM ANGRY THIS GAME IS STUPID AND DUMB Love it has to be free I love this game it's just as good as the computer! I was kinda sketchy because it cost money... but it was totally worth it! The only I wish was that you could customize your character, or at the very least chose your name, other than that find no flaws! Thank you for creating this! You should make all the papas games for phones! 😃😃😃😃😁😁😁😁😆 Gluten Free Vegan 🍆👊💦😜👏👌💯🔥😂😂😂 I think that this game is great and I give it 5 stars BESR GAME EVER MADE LOVE IT It's a very good game, awsome gameplay, awsome graphics...And much more good stuff on this great and awsome app! THANKS FOR MAKING THIS GAME :D This is so fun if you love cooking This game is awesome! I used to play it on my PC and now it's here. Please download it guys!! This is perfect! It I just like the computer game. Very fun and I recommend it for everyone! It is so worth it! 99¢ is a great deal for a game like this! It is a really good game it gives me something to do when im bored. Thank you Awesome!!! Makes you hungry for ice cream! Its really good but after you bought everything you have lots of money and nothing to spend it on I love it Awesome Better than on the computer I am happy with the game. The overall appearance and quality is amazing. I have a few concern. You need to have more things available to buy in the shop. You need to let the player feel in control of the shop, so allow them to move around the items that you buy. There should be mini games like the PC version so it doesn't get boring after a while. Lastly, the player should be able to customize their character, Ex. Hair, eyes, eye color, shoes, tops and bottoms, earrings, glasses ect. Not all people like the same. I hate it because you don't give me my refund It was awesome and very creative😘 It's alsome.just download NOW 👌👌👌👌👌👌 👌 👌 👌 I luh dis game❤🔐 from the bottom of my heart❤ I LOVE IT!!!! This game really fun and I like the new items that you keep getting when playing games the levels I love it!! Very very very good game Love It Welcome To Jay Pees Speedway Bakery Dive Inn This game is so fun, it keeps me playing for hours! Super fun I love these kind of games you should make more Will this game update with more stuff or no? This game makes me hungry I am want this game papa's louie I love it Great game! Wish it had minigames and more clothes and decorations tho... I loved the game and how hard and challenging it got thanks for making The game is very interesting get more items in the shop? Will you? Fun but really boring I Loved This Game On PC So I Decided To Buy It And I Love It! :-) Omg!!! If you dont have this game BUY IT NOWWWWW ITS FANTASTIC! papa's sushiria, bakeria, cheeseria, donuteria, pastaria, doggeria and taco mia PLEEEEEEAAAAAAASSSSEEE! I have mostly watched all the papa's eria games and their amazing. Also this is the first experience for me and  I think it's awesome!! This game is a good idea for when you are bored It is fun and I like making smoothies It was not working   for me but my sister Can you add some new things to buy? I'm carrying $4000 and I want to spend some things. Its a great game for all ages my 5 year old 11 yr old n my 14 yr old play it! !! Love papa games keep em comn✯✯✯✯✯ I loved this game on the laptops at school so i download this and It is AWESOME! GET IT! Fun! Good game ❤❤😊 Love it!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 It has the same basics as the computer version if you want to compare the two. With this one it is more friendly twords smaller screen devices and helps a lot. It would be cool if they added the tickets into the mobile version to give it a little more goal and allowing the customization of your own character and restaurant. Other than some more harder coding for more details its pretty solid for anyone who knows what to do in the game! I love tipe of games like this The game is reaaalllyy fun, but when i uninstall it and than download it again, it start from the really first level :( and it make me get bored I WANT A REFUND I think on this one we should be able to make our own character. But otherwise it was really good. Loved it I hate it so much because I can't even damloed it People it's called the to go version for a reason It's pretty fun! Best game ever I have played this on the 💻 and it is aaaaaawwsssommmee AWESOME I love this game and I would like to get all of the games I love this so glad I bought it Sooooo coool!!!! Bought this game for my lil bro and he loved it i love everything about papa's game from burgeria untill bakeria.. i hope there will be more papa's games available in to go mode for androids in play store... pretty please make papa's pancakeria and shushiria to go?? PERFECT! It is what I needed to relax. &gt;\\\&lt; These games from flipline is always cool but , I need Papa's Taco's and wingeria to be free or so we can play on the phone Android that is!!! This game is good and all, yeah but I wish that we could get our money back when we delete it and I had £1.01 and I paid for it and now I have 19p and AI want this game that is running out so it's gonna go and I can't because it costs money. 😞😞 Could let us have our money back if we delete it. Cool game Fun This game I play every day it's sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fun! Can you make so you can make your own character that should help Play this on PC is amazing I think this game is a definite time passer. But when you get all the flavors you have nothing to look forward to. Once we unlock everything. Make another series of syrups frostings toppings and ingredients. Other than that great job and keep up the great work. I wish you the best of luck Love it Always fun and truly addictive! Amazing Give me my refund I love this game Awsome Its great i play it all the time i love serveing the people What a great game to play before going to bed I want you guys to make the sushiria 1 Its so fun Lit Nice time passer; also appropriate for all ages Hated the game can i get my money back The fast forward buttons aren't THAT quick, if u fix that one problem it's really a great game! Can I pls get a refund need some money ney for new game Great AWESOME to play when not on a computer Amazballs I love the game but I want papas wingeria. I can't play it on my kindle anymore and I miss it Hard  to  get good rates Love all the games from Flipline, but the app versions are a bit disappointing. The online versions are so much better as you can customize your character and there are so many more features to the game, such as the ability to change your daily specials, change your characters clothing with the holiday season and send coupons to your customers. I much prefer the online versions, but these to-go apps are still great just not as fun, but great for when you just need to play a fun game that occupies your time while you're waiting. Best game I have ever played 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 This is a great game just wish there were more toppings It would not give me a refund This game is the best game i have played....... and there's alot of levels I hate it when you undownload and dont give your money back Amazin Cool game Love this freaking  game Just as great as computer AWSOME this game is really cool and great graphics 😍 This game is so much fun! I could spend hours playing it! I have no complaints, except for the fact that it isn't free... but paying $0.99 for this game is totally worth it! Best game I've ever spent money on. I love this game knew about it for years but when do we get small cups for the shakes? So good Love it and thanks for keeping it cheep :) Please make it so we can view customers! I LOVE IT SO MUCH Great game I think it's the best game of all the papas games it's so adicted I'm in rank 35 Love it It would have gotten five stars if it had foodians friday games It is a great quality and really fun!! I would recommend to not send as many people in at once!! I have it on my computer!! It is just as good! Love this game! :) It is a good time saver I love it!❤💙💚💛💜💕💖💗💝💞💟👍 Fun Loved the game but can use some work..Like could be free to download Best ever Love it Love this game. Can you add more items for the game? I love playing the PC versions of PAPA'S games so I'm hanging out for more. Thanks for a great Freezeria. ZzeR do so all K How can I get a refund bc its slow for me and I need money to pay se bills Its good fun to play it is a challenge and I like that I want my money back.but buy this game I played this game sence I was 6 ^_^ I thought its 46.50 php or something but why had i been charged 52.55 php?!     Tell me why please. -_- Totallyworth it This game is like the history of games this game is so amazing It's a good game but I wish it was free Nic AWSOME GAME! Fun to play and easy to enjoy ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ It has easy ways to pay and an amazing app I've played this on my computer and for me to spend money on this awesome game...well that obviously means it's awesome and worth it Nice but some times boring Five stars! I suggest you play! It's really really fun!!! I suggest that you play the free online version that's much much better than this I really really didn't like it it doesn't work the way it's supposed to don't waste your money on this app I cant get a refund. This game SUCKS Loved it Cool It is the best I ever played buy it it am telling you it is so worth it . This is a cool game . I wish we could customize our characters too. Audio issues and buggy gamplay I am on Rank 100, unlocked all the mixables, characters, toppings and everything in the shop. Please could you add more mixables, items in the shop etc. Otherwise great game. Keep it up! Sushiaria cheesearia bakeraria Every time I get of it it tells me what to do and I already know how to play it so I give it 1 star This game is cool This is one of the best games brought on mobile. You dont need to think. Just get it When will it be updated again I'm not unlocking anything new É um dos jogos mais legais de todos os tempos, e o mais legal é que não é só de milkshake mas também de pizza, de frango e várias outras comidas, esse jogo me surpreendeu e ainda me surpreende! Amo!😍😍 This games is so fun you get so much more controll on the to go version then the computer version it is so fun I love it It will sometimes freeze and will stay like that for awhile or will slow down... i would advise YOU to think about what ive said before buying it but, i have to admit it is very fun , and i also like theyre other games I love the game because it's fun I loved the game for years and it still entertains me. :) This is coooooooooool!:) Still the best! It's a good game but it kinda gets a little repetitive This game isn't far from perfection is great for a time passser or just fun in general defitenly download Kind of boring I love this game. The app is soooooo much beter than the computer version! Love it love it love it please bring more of the franchise! Would love to play wingeria cheeseria and all the rest! It is the best and I want too get pizzeria so can u plz make it free? Love you creators Can the creaters of this please make a papa's donutaria I'll give 5 stars if download is success Very relax when playing this game 😍 Very nice game Hoble I love all of your games! When are you going to add the others?? Amazing I loved playing this on the computer but this is great for when I go on holiday this app is great I want to say that can you remove the payments. So everybody could play, and also it's a very good game. This game was so boring all u are doing is making shakes and its stupid I hate it It's even on coolmath. That's what I play on at school Stupid as ever I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!! IT IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUN. this is a great game and if you play it and you don't like it or it's to easy then you can get a refund and get a nother game I love this game it's so much fun I could play it for hours everyday Loveit!!! Its like the computer game but way cooler The best game ever loved it I thought this was going to be like the PC version but it's the bad version of this game. I will recommend you not to buy it It's the best game ever made in the whole world Hahaha lol It keeps draining my battery and keeps on freezing. I HATE IT I really would like the pancakeria but other than that I like all the papa games Description Love this app so much Love it AWESOME TRY IT Good game, But think it should be free I loved this game very much we have to build sundaes. Sew cool Love these games!! I love all of the papas games Love this game I have been playing this game on my Computer and Tablet since I was seven. I am literally in love with this game. What I don't like is that they cost money on my tablet D: I Love the game I love it its fun I will,rakamen this game to play😂😂👍👍👍😘😘😘😻😻😸😸😺 I love this game!!!! Love it Great game...love it..and its very addicting Love it Used to have competitions with some siblings about higher levels ( 5 year old memories😭) It's so amazing thanks for this game It is fun. It's ok Papa games are awesome get every single one because it's a MUST have!😲 Its nice but it was to short it was easy to pass the game How do I get a refund? The games fine but I need a refund..  😐 Great App. It's fun to play and keeps you busy I bought the game didn't like it that much so I went to get a refund and it didn't give my money back!! It's soooooo nice Love the app so much it is so much fun This is the best app ever.You should definitely download it.Its really addicting and fun!😀😀😀 It is so addicting I really like this game!It's awesome! P.S This game is awesome I love this it is so fun and I usely get bored with most games There have been many cooking games but these r the best! I love that game This is the best this is better then the  computer its hard to do it on the computer but on this is easy and I got it for free I got a deal if I get this I had to buy one and get one free lol get it if ur reading this or buy it 😁😁😁😁 Omg i love it Love it Its A Great Time Killer I Play on the way yo school and on the way home the best Game Ever I love it I was told to play this game by my BFF. I love it!😍 I paid 99¢ for the game and won't give me a refund when I tried to delete it. Unistalled it and it won't give me a refund Please make more of these games. They are amazing. My all customers are happy that I have done my work very quickly 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 Its cool and fun to play with on your phonel,computer,tablet. I love this game but i wish you can save your levels so if you delete it would stay i like this  game, i hope flipline can add more game at playstore Graphics baaaad too pixelated This game is so addicting! I just purchased it tonight and I'm already at  day 15 hehe, 😊👍 God job developers. Please make the other games in app version too like the tacoria, pastaria and hotdggeria!!😄 :D This game is very addicting I can't stop playing it Wonderful Game! I love this game so much, it is the only game I've rated five stars(so far...) If you like the computer version, then get this... it is excatctley the same and totally worth the dollar. It's as fabulous as mettaton I love them all!! That is why I bought this game I have a question IF i delete the game and I want it back will it still be for free sinice I already PAID MONEY for it and PLEASE REPLY I need to know My little bro has this game and loves it! I'm getting it too! Great game!!! This is one of the many flipline games that have made me wanna play more :-) thanks, flipline games! Christina Aguilera I like the game a lot. But the closers frustrate me!!!! It's so fun I love the graphics please add all of the other papa's games I Love It !!  Used to Play this when I Was a Kid Diflucan Addicting I play all your games andai play theme at scool any chance i get Cool This is so fun i play this game 24/7 i will not regret paying money for this game I 💛 all your games they r bæ I love this game soo much!!!! Love this game It always stops and it only works for a few mins. It's so irritating. (Cross, cross , cross) But took ages to install after I had purchased it but apart from that I love this game 🍨🍧 Y'know there isn't a game like the papa's series of games but they are all amazing but if I had to choose one out of the rest of them it would be thus one papa's freezeria Boring.......um ...............yeah it's definitely worth a dollar best game I really really love this game!! I love the browser version of this and Flipline's other games, but have always thought they'd play better on a touchscreen, so was excited to get the mobile version. Sadly it's very simplified and most of the challenge is gone. I'm happy to have paid anyway, since 79p is the least they deserve for the hours of fun I've had from the browser games, but won't be buying any more of the android ones. I always play this when i don't have nothing to do😘 I love it so much…All your games are great!! Can you make  Papa's Wingeria because it's only available on computers and laptops😊... I love this game is the best Awesome Cool plus i think i realy love it WHEN YOU DECIDE TO MAKE THIS A 5 STAR GAME I'LL GIVE Y'ALL 5 STARS UNTIL THEN YOU CAN HAVE 1 PEOPLE HAVE PAYED FOR THIS GAME AND YOU'RE MAKING OTHER GAMES BUT YOU CAN'T ADD MORE LEVELS. THAT'S SOME SNAKE SHÏŤ These papa games are the best I play all of them on my chromebook...I love these games Its so awsome i play it on computers at school nw i can play at home I love this game. Im at a high level and its great.💖💖💖 Loving it So cool Awesome I have downloaded this app and it sucks! I want my money back. Same with the cupcake one Not get I like it but I would rather do it on my computer I really love these games they bring back memories and ima.buy all dem:) This is an awesome and creative game! Very addictive and I recommend it to anyone who loves playing time management and who likes to use creativity. Definitely worth the one little dollar! Love every game. But the graphics could have bin better Yea repeates alot bht fun and addicted its really worth the money keep up the good work 😊👍👌 Its so fun it is like a real job its so cool I love it Omgggggghhhhhhhhhh sooookkkkkk coooolomgggggggggsocoooollllpmgggggggsocoool like me if you want 100 dollars Has no bugs, freezes This game is amazing! I wish there was a bakeria to go cause that would be magnificent good game thou So cool!!! Before downloading this game itself I knew this is awesome this is the awesomest game ever played thank you so much for making this game!! I CHECKED OUT THE GAME AND I Didn't LIKE IT SO I UNINSTALLED IT AND THERE ISNT A OPTION FOR REFUND. FLIPINE STUDIOS YOU HAVE TO GIVE MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!! Worst all in the world I want a refund I wanted to try it and it would not give me my money back when i returned it but the game in General it is good Definitely worth the 99¢! It wont let me get a refund and u cant create ur own character rip of!!!!! Stupid But I wish that there could b more than 6 costumers a day I loveeed it Mimi its GREAT Irene I remember playing this before and i loved it I was exited when I found this on the app store I love this game no more words Please put yum, nms to unlock when u rank to level 3 because i realy want the yum, nms so please put the yum, nms to when u rank to level 3 please do it and thank u. I love this ! The best paid game! I only have this game in my phone, and I never get bored with this game. I hope papa's wingeria will be available on play store. Please :) The game isnt as amazing as the computer version. but who cares if it cost money! ITS WORTH IT!! Awesome and Addicting Awesome The best I would get home everyday and play this game I really enjoyed the game on PC. There was customization, there were games, you could change the lobby. None of that is in the To Go version at all. Waste of money, very dissapointed with the game. The only thing they kept was the game mechanics. I bought everything within the first 10 levels and now I just have tons of money sitting around. Was not worth the dollar. Not only that, but it gets extremely boring within 20 - 30 levels. Super repetitive. Pathetic attempt at a game, and I want a refund. It is very addictive, and I mean addictive, I really recommend it to anyone!!! (≧∇≦) Great Game ! I live this game great game. It's worth the money. Is so good Good game to pass time. I love this game, the only problem is, you cant make your own charecter. I don't want to play as penny, i want to play as me. If you could fix this I would give 5 stars! &lt;3 it is sooooo fun It sucks wish there was 0 stars What day do you get the small cup and write it in the comments It's a really entertaining game.I hope they make the other papas games soon. I will totally buy! Played it on cool math games Love!!! Love!! Love!! I like it very much This is one of my favorite games. Its so fun and easy to control I loved it only thing wrong is I liked making my own chracter. I dont like playing as Penny I want to have my own chracter. I will give 5 star if that is changed I loved it it was so fun,creative, and awesome😍😍😍😍😍 Need Better Shoes Same like as the PC version Like it very much Flip line studios deserve it I get a bit mad at the game because the closers do not like you . But otherwise it is ok so I am giving it 4 stars.;) It is stupid JK I LOVE IT THIS 800 POON PEOPLE WHO DONT LIKE IT ARE STUPID!!!! I love this game.  It really relaxes me. The controls kinds sucked. I think it would have been better if you retained the how it was in the pc version. Aaand i just saw the HD version. Well. Anyway, are you guys gonna do the Cheeseria or pancakeria? Out of the series i love those the most. So cool and wonderful. You can fail whenever u want because it is fun 😂! It's a really fun and addicting game, but there's only a certain amount of things you can buy, and once you buy them, your money just builds up. It would be nice if there were more things to spend money on, like upgrades or something. It never lags Just loving it........ It was so fun It's awesome funny and cool Good game second fav papa game   -mariah I think this game is so addicting!!!  There are some problems here and there, but it's a great game!!!😍😃😄😀😎 This the most violent game jk it's actually pretty good Great time waster and Fun!!!! This game is amazing but I have a problem.. This is the 2nd time this has happened to me .. Basically the game on the 6th (or 7th day) when I go back onto the game later on in the day  the screen has turned the wrong way round and I can't play game properly as it's cut of half of screen.. Anyone else had this problem ?.. Really hope can sort this out as love game! It's good but it's got some things that glitch up and are hard to use and sometimes it is zumed in Good game A great game I'll always love these games I would totally love it if I had to rate it a thousand or million I I would read it the highest number whatever the highest number it I love this game I love this game there's nothing wrong with that it's a nice day thank you guys for creating an app for this game thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you I PAID FOR IT AND I CANT GET MY MONEY BACK Love it THANKS FOR MAKING THIS GAME IT IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best papas game You guys should add papas bakeria as well that game is just awesome plus this game on pc & here is way different please try to make it a bit similar I know that nothing is perfect...but this game is pretty darn close! Its amazing, and whats more, is that it doesnt use the internet, which means i can play it any time, any place. And yes, I am aware that it costs money, but trust me, if u have the money, it is worth it. This game is worth so much, it is AMAZING! It is not the same as the computer version, in fact, it is better. To be able to interact is soo much easier than having to use a computer mouse to click on everything, and make things work, but with this game u have alot of control over it. It is a great amazing game, and I think that everyone should have this game if they have the money. When i play on my bros tab i make whip cream fill the room=)(: Messes up orders Its very nice.everyday we get a new customer. Excellent game and better than the computer version I once saw this in Jthree Productions and then I wanted to play it so yeah! I love it soooooooooooooooo much if you give a thumbs down give them another chance!! Give my money back please Best game I have ever played omg The game was very fun and once I play it I can't stop😃 Love it! Love it love it love it love it lovvvvvveeeeeee it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this game is so amazing.. it can definitely more than compete with the browser version! i just like the design so much, the characters, how they stick out their tongues while they speak.. wonderful.. In other cooking games it annoys me when it gets stressful the higher the level you are on, so i think it's awesome that the customer number stays put. It's motivation enough to unlock all those ingredients :&gt; what i would love to see is pancakeria to go and the option to  buy clothes for your character. LOVE IT Melody band me. My granddaughter loves this game sooooo much So  ffuunn I had it once and had a prsonalized character i deleted it got it again and now their is no more personalized character Loved it Super fun game It was a fun game. Not as amazing as the computer version, but it came pretty close. This game is awsome I love this game, but it's so low resolution that it's incredibly unappealing to look at. It's litttttt it takes ages to load when youve got it. I love it they should add all the other papa's games like the hot dogeria, wingeria, donuteris, and other that would be totaly awesome i would like buy all of them like the one from the cool math games more fun with more customers and other things than sundays maybe add also new flavors it would be nice add this for 5 stars from me😌 I love these games and they are always so much fun. I think it is a great game. The only thing I would change is to have more items in the shop, like they have on the computer. I have like 5,000 dollars and I can't even spend it on anything so their is really no point in getting any money. I also think they should let you choose where you want the items and I would like it if you could customize your chatacter, too. It is still a great game and if your bored this is the game I would play. 👍 It a really great game and it's so Werth you money to and look Wish they had papas bakearia I absolutely love this game, both this and the PC version. Everything runs smoothly on my phone, and the new controls are easy to understand. My only gripe is that only 6 customers gets boring after a while. I think it would be a lot better if you could have increasing amounts of customers, like you do in the normal game. I'm not buying HD, so REFUND! I like this because it has alot to do by making sundae It's soooo adictive and challenging I love it is awesome I wish it was free though then I would give it 5 stars None of the buttons are working,i cant start the game. Im on LG G3 Listen pplz it is worth forking your money over this game! I've played EVERY SINGLE PAPALOUIE RESTRAUNT AND THEY HAVE BEEN AWESOME. So hey don't stare at this. DOWNLOAD THIS GAME UL 💜IT😊 While I really enjoyed this game, it gets kind of boring at level 100. Yah, I got there. I still enjoy the game, but I wish that the levels got longer as you go on. Other then that, it is a fun game worth the money. it good I wanted to play it on my iphone but I couldnt but I did and I made the right choice The best but wish flip line made more papas games like the cheesearia and bakeria Hope Flip line can make those download able😍😍😍 Kim Wow Been playing this game since high school so glad I found it in play store After I reached that rank nothing new came?? Make some more I love this game!! I love this game and i want more of papa games hurry these are getting old It's amazing how easy and fun it is! A huge applause to flipline studios for making the best cooking simulation games I have ever played. I started playing papas games and honestly, their games offer a really really great collection of graphics and I really love the Papa's franchise. Thank you for a decade of super fun gaming experience. 😃😃😃 One of my favorite kitchen simulator games. I played it as a youngin'. However...if you're gonna re-release a game for mobile, you REALLY should update all the graphics and sounds. A lot of the textures look a little old and pixelated. I loved this game so much it is really fun and addicting but the only thing is that if you play alot it gets boring so it needs a twist more than straight forward but overall it was quite good. I love this game. My other favorites are papa taco mia and pancakeria. But Google play store don't have them. Google play store should get those two games on here. That would be awesome. I played this game day on my computer :D I really enjoy this game in my opinion it's better than on the computer Well it isn't the computer version, but I love the Papas games and was excited that yall came mainstream! Its so addicting and sooooo fun I use to play it all the time as a kid 😄 It is so much fun! It gets boring after the second day This game is so fun. If you have seen or heard of this game some where else and good things about it, get the game!!! It may cost money but you don't need to worry about that cause it is a really good game! And if you don't believe me go look at all the other reviews that have 5 stars! It is such a great game it is a real time passer. I just drank a smoothie I loved the game and to all people who wanted a refund go to my apps and find the app in all apps and press the x on the corner and choose yes and it will take a few minutes unless you are connected to the internet. I'm one of the flipline fan and this app is soooo AMAZING !!! .But,can you make this app connected to facebook / google play games ? So i can save my progress and please add HOLIDAY in this game too I love all of the papa's games I love this game it is so fun I love it So many levels, it never gets boring. Papa Freezeria is the best out of all of them!!!!!!!!! 💗 This game is funny because this fat guy tried to close my business. I enjoyed it at first but hen I easily got bored with it. When I uninstalled it I didn't get a refund!! I just got it yesterday!! This game is awesome . The best game that i ever played. I think i might be addicted to this game I always like this game :D I can't move furniture after I buy them in the shop. So annoying :-( This game is really fun to play . I play this alot now. This game is fab, I would definitely recommend this game I played it on my computer and was sad in car rides. I'm really glad I got it Won't give me my money back Very awesome with the mini game too who ever think it's boring is a little grumpy man / women I used to only play it on my computer! now i can play it on my tablet too! it is super fun and easy to play. It very occupying I love it so much I don't have anything to say This game is hard on level 7 and this game is so intertwining I played it a long time ago and now I finally want to play it again It was amazing because it help make smoothies in real life I would like it if Flipline Studios made a Papas Bakeria, cos it sucks on my lap top it was way too laggy but the app papas freezeria is great! Easy controls and fun gameplay I love making stuff I love this game. It is sooooooo fun. Although after you become better than Papa it gets a little bit boring but you get alot of customers altogether. I am now looking for another one like this. I cannot find another one as good as this. The only game that competes with this game is papas hot doggeria which they have not made yet Love this game It very fun I absolutely am in love with the Papa Louie games.Thank you VERY,VERY MUCH for making these apps.Also maybe you can add more of the games such as Papa's Bakeria cause I LOVE THAT ONE!!! Little to no progression. It doesn't get much harder than it starts, so very little replay value. Its great its just theres no point in earning tips if there is no where to spend them. Please make a store or something so that we can spend our tips. Thanks. It could use mor supplies so you can work on more stuff at a time. Love it my favorite is burgeria but cool After a while you will accomplish it all but it is so worth $0.99. I absolutely love it and it is so much fun. The quality is good and so are the buttons. Way different from the computer version but in a good way. The only reason there isn't mini games is because these are the early games that haven't been created with mini games. The other games that aren't on mobile yet are the ones with tickets and games. This is a game because it is a good. Love it ! This game gets boring sometimes but I love it Goid So much to do and have never bored of this game. Its better in the computer BC u get tickets but it still good in the phone This is  really a good game it's hard but the game is so cool it's to much ads but the game is really a good game M I don't like that u have to wait a while for the ice cream to churn I've liked the Papa games for a while, but I've never played one as long as I have with this. Sure, the flash version is free, but this version includes more than 40 ingredients and 5 customers that weren't in the original, meaning that this wasn't just a plain mobile port, but a new game itself. This game is so awesome, 1 of the best games ever played I love this game so much but I wish u could Chang there clothes I love this game but i cant stop playing💕 I love this game so much it shows you how too  make things that you have never even thought you of creating  .If I were you I would install this app Very entertainy I wouldn't recommend this game I tried to get a refund but I'm not getting my money back... Love cake boss so funny This game is awesome!!! I reaky like this game it entertains me Make the mixing FASTER I love this game so much thank you for creating this game it's so good Can you make it to where you can customize your character It's fun but u DONT GET A REFUND!!! I HATE THIS GAME The graphics are so bad that I literally can barely even tell what's going on. Had to get a refund. It doesn't have that much people but still fun and better without coolmath Game is fun and all. It would be awesome if there were more items, things to buy, and customers in a new update. But I rate it a 5. They have it on the computer It works great I love it when you unlock different flavors I think all of the papa's games are so awesome keep them coming I have 2 of the games!! First paid game to download This game is a joy to my eyes Love these games. Wasnt going to buy them because they are free on flipline, but I love them so much. In my whole life I've been playing this  since 2011 and haven't got papa louie then I got papa louie thanks for the game :) Like it butttt  It should have the mini games added It was a great game Yayyy my sister brought it for me This game is the best game This is an amazing game The best, just like the online game. LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVEIT LOVE IT It's REALLY good...one recommendation...  more flavors and topings Daddy So fun and creative It's so challenging I like how after every day/week it gets harder and harder:-D Lovvvveeeee itttt Amazing I have inverted nipples😷😷😷😧😧😧😅 Can you put more customers besides 6. Can you make papas pancakeria I love this game it's easier than the one on the computer thanks for making it I love it! But... I bought papa's cupcakeria and i it says i didnt. Please fix that I like it but we have limites of shopping I love this game .but I'll give the game 5 stars if it includes all the seasonal decor and player customization Awesome I love the game but can you transfer your data to another device I like this game Lol Love it By sosambra Best game Wish it waz frue tho S ooooooooGooooooood Is it WiFi or not? It works perfectly and is my most faviret game ever!!! U almost got gold stars I absolutely love this app. I got to day 102. I deleted it because I needed more space on my tablet. And now I deleted every other app to get this one. The mix time is so slow that it makes me not want to play this. Awesome It is a little bit different from the PC version but still it is so much fun! I Love it At first it was great and addicting, but after about day 24 it gets too predictable and it seems like you are filling the same orders over and over again. 1. Great toppings!     2.very creative.   3.nice setting I've played it recently on me comp. I like this game a lot the graphics are different from the computer but that's ok. I also like the bugs that you fixed. Do you think you guys can had custom employees pleased :-) I have only played it for like 3 weeks and it is awesome I think it was worth a $1 everyone else should have a chance to get this game BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED. NO LAGS OR ADS. IF U WANT A FUN GAME GET THIS GAME! but i need the refund back ... but i dont when i unstall it I loved playing this game on the computer but I love being able to play it while I'm on the go!!! This game is frickin awsome i love it sooo much. I will never get tired of it, one thing i wanted to say though... i really wish you would put all the other games on too Nice game it was preveusly favrt on web now in pocket when will we be allowed to make our own character? when will we be able to have more than 6 customers? when will we have more things to buy in the shop? Best Online version is better This game is awesome,and if you don't like it you're out there!!! After that Google play does not give u ur money back. Try it out then take it off that simple. It's really fun and I would recommend it. I like it but I wish there was more in the store I am a rank 37 and have everything I need more stuff to buy This game is fun and.✌✌ It gives me a challenge everyday I get on my phone its a good game!!!!!! I can't believe it. It is so boring I love this game it's awesome Love it,  play It Brush you ch8ll Love it it is the best game ever! i love it! Its a fun game until its the same darn thing over and over again. I think it's nice if put some time on it so like more than 6 customers will come.. like hotdog bush Awesome Love this game so much💖 It is very fun and addictive my only problem is there should be more costemers. But a big thunmbs up and a round of aplaus to this game👏👍🙋took so long to download😵 I want my money back. It was so much fun playing I had to force my mom to get it and I love amazing work Much good. Very nice I didn't mean to buy this app I wasn't paying attention and please can a refund This needs more items available to buy in the shop. It didn't take me very long to buy everything. Best game!!! It won't give me a refund like my other apps Terrible I LOVE all the papas games Out standing I loved playing this game online so when I found the app I was so happy, but I wish it had the holidays like it does online. If you put that in i'll give it 5 stars. Amazing Ring I like it but I got bored of it can I get a refund please I'm really running low on money I would appreciate if you please could give me a refund it's not too much to ask thank you .waiting for you're response sooner or later I love all the papas games Yes more customers. Plus more waiting items. it's a cool game to play I think u will really have fun to playing it I love this game, but it gets boring only having 6 customers every time. The higher the level, the more customers there should be and a faster pace. Would give 5 otherwise Love it addictive better than the computer has more characters and things Its fun Best game since minecraft Love this game, this is really cool. When I deleted it did not give refund I play of my dad's a count and I play all the time it is super fun I recommend  this app Omg Great I cant belive some people are edicted to this game, all of its flaws not to mention, it takes a majority of time to load and terrible graphics. I tried to refund but it says sorry but I can not refund your game now. I hope u guys take this under concederassion Love this game Well I just love to play this kind of games Im rank 22 and, the game is so fun. You guys should make it so more people come every time you play I love this game because it has a lot of                          drinks and it has some stuff that I like!!!!!! COOL GAME THANKS Its too best I will have to say it's fun but I think the computer version is better And also please add customizable characters like I've played on pc. Would give 5 stars if it had this. So so much fun It's awesome especially since the customers have names and some of the sundaes look so good it makes me want to eat my phone Thank u for making it i love this game so much that everyday i play It but i hope you guys put out more flipline Studio games This is a very very very good game Such a laggy game I wasted 2 bucks I want my money back😠😤😠😤 Could not have played a better game But I got used to it Good job flipline!!! One of my favorite mobile games. Can't stop playing. I love it! Cool 😃 Can't get a refund I loveeeeee this game I play it in my big brothers computer but not now Its ok I guess its kind of cool it would be better if you could create your own character Awesome game Have been playing it since middle school. I would rate 5 stars if you upgrade this game to the one with the coupon thingy which the newest papa game haded the minigames section and we could earn clothings and decorations by just playing the game Good Give me my 💰 money back i paid then deleted it and now wont give me my money someone help!! It should be free tho Awsome it so cool and I'm a tom boy I can't see anything wrong with it 😊 Love it!!! Great! 5 if you do that I love this game! Now I can play it on my tablet, not on my friend's iPod. YAY!!! 😃😃😃 It doesnt wanna download 😔 i really wanna play Great game, but more people would download it if it was free. I agree with the other people it should be free otherwise its a great game I love this game its so fun to play when your bored or have nothing to do super fun app but you should make one that dose not cost money but anyway super fun app!!! When ever I open the game it keeps on closing. Well, I tried to be with appeasment but I got very dissapointed so please fix it because I feel so bad for my dad right now cause he payed it for my birthday gift. Plus, I tried installing it 3 more times but it just says its invalid to acctually install it...GEEZZZZZZ!!!!!!!! Well it acctually installed but.......... DID NOT OPENNNNNNNNN Cool  game I used to play it in my laptop. Now I can play it in my tab XD I love this game, its worth the price and addicting, if i may say yhough. It needs more stuff in the shop, from the pc. Other than that, i love it For some reason when press refund it says sorry cant refund at this time try uninstalling later what the heck I want my hard earned money back!! Cool and fun You need donutaria! !!! Its good because im level 35 but should still be free I can't refund so I can't get my money back FIX THIS So fun to have a job I love it I love it the mixing takes so short I want a refund plz and thx💸💳 It funny how people make faces when its not good lol😂 It is amazing and its just epic and I saw jazzy from seven super girls play it and it looked really fun and it ......✌👅 love it you should get it I luv all the games I have them all but I wish they would install papas taco mia pls put it on play store IT SOOOOOOOO FUN BECAUSE LIKE... I JUST... CANT DO IT I DONT HAVE ANYTHING TO SAY BUT IT IS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is the best game ever. But my only request is that you add the mini games in between each day like you can on computers. Also please add more papa's games. Especially papa's hotdogeria. That's my favourite one. Awesome job flipline studios! Lol I am not sure if you have received this message is not the intended recipient you are not the intended recipient you are not the intended recipient you are interested please just send the message to us by replying to your he was a good time to get the chance to look at the end of the individual named in this incoming calls and texts or calls to Game is fine ALL THEAS STUPID PEOPLE ARE SAYING IT SHPULD BE FREE BUT IT SHOULDENT BECOUSE THAY NEED TO MAKE MONEY SOMEHOW IF YOU WANT TO PLAY FREE THEN GET A COMPUTER If u don't like it just give it another chance and play it for a couple of days. Its a great game but there is one problem. After you put on the syrup or toppings it looks fuzzy then when you serve it it isn't fuzzy anymore. Plz fix if possible I rather go 2 the library and play it then pay this crap I love this game but it takes way to long to mix!!! If u fix this is will give 5 stars!!! Anyone know how many levels there are???? Great I want my money back stupid game This game is the best. It doesn't lag at all. Love the Game! No bugs! But you should add Clothes to the game and customize characters like Papa's Freezaria HD, But if not, then Kk! Love the Game! My 9 year old brother loves it I play this game on the computer and I love it. I saw this and downloaded it. It's hard to use at first as its different from the computer version with different toppings and new people. But I still like it a lot! I see that you can get the refund now! So so good i love it poooii It is soooo fun playing this game!! These games are definitely worth buying! Especially this one!! I used to play the pc version so I'm pro at this game haha. It's a really good mobile version but it could use some improvement. It's good for the price I thought it was going to be a bad version of the original one. It's very addicting. Good but takes way to long to mix!! Most of the time i just wAit for bout 5 minutes for it to finally mix! Other wise pretty good please fix how slowvit goes though Great app but it didn't give me a refund Like I love the game but it gets tiring and you cant get a refund I mean plz can we get a refund?....plz answer back with a refund thx i really love this game, but why everytime i play, it force closed??? its really annoying cause i already bought it Ok so o love this game but once you buy everything in the shop theres nothing else to buy so your just building up money and not being able to spend I agree with people it should be free but I thought it was worth it cause I am on level 25 so you get bunches of levels Awsome game but when can we customize our own character This is the best game ever Love it Y can't we get it for free that's dumb YAY*CLAPS* I like it but I put I hated it because it doesn't give u a REFUND  SO PLEASE! !!!!!! I love it U guys should make a papas cofferia with celeberties customers like one direction Kim kardahian etc. It's a ok game but sometimes it gets boring This is the best game ever! I played this game on the computer a whole lot a while ago, then I was looking through the games and saw this and I'm like awesome. I love this game. You should make more of these games into apps besides the four that are apps. But can someone tell me what happened to the pancake one ..... Forever missing it lol :) If you want a refund u have to ask google ok god I thought everyone knew that I love♡ this game It glitches  a lot. please fix this issue. I will  get a 20 dollars in  goggle play and buy every thing  from you guys. Please fix the issue. ☺. No refunds!  Fix this or I will do something   unexpected  to website.  You will  see!😈 Nothing to do when you've got all the upgrades Instead of in the game where you have to buy something to make the mixer go faster it should already be fast. And you should let us customize/choose how our character looks. Those are a couple of the comments I have for right now.   TO THE PEOPLE WHO ARE SAYING THAT THERE ARE NO REFUNDS. FOR EVERY GAME THAT YOU PURCHASE IFVYOU DONT LIKE IT BEFORE 30 MINUTES THEN YOU CAN DELETE IT AND GET YOUR MONEY BACK. BUT even if you do UNINSTALL it and after a while you want to reinstall it . I love this game when I am bored I play this Why are there no refunds?! Best game ever I love these games and I just got my gold star customer. so what's next after gold can someone please tell me? Its really good especially when I head to school I can play this game instead of playing a different game without internet...🍁 I've been addicted to this game for awhile, and I still love it! Worth every penny! It took me forever, but I'm at level 68 on day 130. Still the best game on my phone. Respects privacy. Entertains my kids.  Good job! I love this game I've been playing this game for years absolutely love it definitely worth it and really cheap👌👍👆 So amazing and a great time waster!!!!!! Love it Heh I hated it because it won't let me bye it for free I WONT MY MONEY BACK Fun and addicting Can you make the hotdog version? This Is Such A Cool Game. Okay listen to me for a sec this game is really good on the computer version on the Android version the graphics aren't as good and after a while they start to hurt your eyes plus I installed it and I get my money back and I don't like that if you were to play this game you're better off to play it on your computer online it's not worth the money This game sucks I love the game but there's nothing left to buy. I wish we could customize the avatars. Peace out bye This game is kinda the same as my mom's computer but more easier than a my mom's I love it I love it but if we buy atleast give free stuff Game is not what I expected HD ones are better My kid loves it she even plays it on computer This game is so much  fun Best game in the world trust me its worth paying for:) I love this game why dissent everyone have it. Very laggy pls do fix this~ I don't know about other people.  But when I play this game and other games from this developer its like playing it in slow motion idk if it's my phone or the games but can you please fix it somehow. Cuz before they worked just fine but now its like I said. Its annoying just saying cuz I purchased these games so can ya please fix. Thanks This game is so SO so SO so SO FUNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!! Shaley I agree I had the same stupid thing! It gets kinda boring Its fun it makes you hungery:-) Lol I use on pc It looks like a great game but when I click to install the app it says . Your storege is full!! Awesome ........ must get it :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) Fantastic game very addicting I remember being addicted to this when it was a free browser game many years ago....still got it. Really fun, well-made game. I have played this and I'm at level 50 and there's still only 6 customers! It's fun needs a little strategy :D This app is fun I love the game and it's addictive, that is until u buy everything then it gets a bit boring. So I had fun while it lasted and then I deleted it and I DIDNT GET MY MONEY BACK! plz fix and I'll rate five *****:-( It  is fun at first then it gets borring fast💤 I love. This game First off these is no refunds and second fix the part that  when it takes you off you don't loose your progress like come on people make refounds Why is there one for a $1.00 and for $3.00 ? Other than that great :-) The game is not that good It's good but I you could have like more decorations for you're Freezeria Made a bunch of tips so awesome I have the whole collection they are soo cool and not boring You Better Try This Game! It Should Be Rated 20***************** Can you bring in more games? Cupcakeria, pastaria, donuteria, PanCakeria, Pizzeria, please!!! I wanna play more, cause im a fan of Papa's  games, please!! i got so bored i tried to delete it i couldnt get my money and it didnt say canceled and that was my chirstmas money! Well i do like it but the disappointment is that there is no refund :( Moving on to FNAF now! Plizzzzzzzzzzzzz do hot doggla It gets boring after a while so I uninstalled it and it won't let me get my money back I mean seriously Can't get refund!😬😡 I love this game but does it ever end  because papa Louie comes a lot and how come after u get everything n the shop u can't spend any more money and how come u only get 6 people a day This game is great to pass the time but, why is it that we only get 6 customers per day and I would totally want more. Also, you guys should include mini games so we can spend the money we have when we have bought everything from the shop Try it on the computer first good game and all but NO REFUNDS!?!??! This is the best game ever It is a awesome game. I love it!!!&lt;3 Please let us costomize our caricter in this version because the other one i cant get it on my phone :'( i have the money to buy it but i cant install it :'( Amazing It's better then the whole games on cool math games This is so fun  Ooooddd Awaome app Amazing I bought the HD version of this game a while ago which was added to my library, my tablet which had it on broke down so decided to reinstall the game on my phone. Only to find the HD version is GONE and I have to pay for the game again which kind of sucks....   Also the graphics quality in this version is extremely poor and the controls are confusing and NOTHING like the original ones. Very disappointed but will keep since the HD version has been removed and I still want to play the game Hi everypony, Pinkie Pie here! Love the app even though it takes a while to download, and drives me nutz! Follow me on social media! I pressed refund and it gave my money back so...thanx It's a great game until there is nothing left in the store to purchase anymore. You guys could at least let us buy new flooring or wallpaper. Or even buy new clothes for or character. Anything just at least put more things in there please!! I love the papa's games but every tine i try to download this one it never does it,it gave me a refund the first time so i went back some hours later to try it again but now it wont let me download nor get a refund LOVED IT SO MUCH IT IS SO COOL.  AND I LOVE THAT THERES A PAPAS PIZZERIA AND PAPAS BURGERIA😱 if you want to be able to make a difference New toppings and customers Not worth the .99¢ I paid for it Its a fun game in the beginning but then it gets pretty boring. Gdksjfaklahdvsjkaja I play it on my computer  all the time  🍨🍧🍦 I want my money back I label it that for one reason, you don't get your money back after one day.For one day you can refund, but after that, nada. (no) I understand that you can't put a lot of things in the shop cause it won't fit in the ordering place, but can't you make like a mini arcade or something? We could use the money we earned that we aren't using to buy tickets to play games. Just a thought. How do you get a refund I dont see the option I love this game for anything Very entertaining It won't let me download it and it took my money plz fix it Very addictive, but once you buy everything in the shop, the coins just pile up. I wish there were more than just 6 customers in the day to make it more challenging. NO REFUNDS!? WHAT THE HECK?!?!? Haven't even got to play it because it doesn't want download and it wound let me refund I downloaded this game unlocked everything and everyone goal so I decided to uninstall it and later on I installed it and everything was GONE! HATE THIS Its addicting I love this game, it is soo addictive ! I really think they should make a "Starbucks Coffee" game just like the "Papa's Freezaria."☕ impossible to downloading this payed game , wy it's so hard to download this Papa's Freezeria ? Will there ever be papas hot dogeria to play? This is a fun game for all ages I love this game This the funest game everrrr The game has a lot of lag send a update The game was fun but then it got boring and when I deleted it it didn't give me a refund I love this game on the computer🐧🐼 It gets boring after a while. So if I were you I wouldn't get this games. It is fun at first but after a while it gets boring. I liked the game but I got better games and this got boring so I deleted it then I wanted my money back but NOOO! NO REFUNDS I WANT MY MONEY!!! I bought everything within two days. I really wish you would update this because it has gotten kind of boring. I already have mastered everything and I have no use for it now. Update and I will give 5 Stars. its a great game 😊! I liked the game for the first 2 days i played it after it got really annoying so i decide to erase it since its just taking up my space and find out theres No Refunds!!!!!!😡😤 I love this game its really fun and addicting 👍 At first  couldn't  play it because it always said there was no room but now it works. Love it Can i get a refun after a while it got boring Awesome game It really is very addicting, but it became boring because I bought everything in the shop and now I don't have what to use my game money on. You need to put more things in the shop. It's so easy to get a perfect than on the computer!!!!!!!! Some times this makes my phone be slow and glitch a lot Refund? I really like this but I wish there was a way to save progress before the day ends (in the game) but otherwise great! Hate this game I love the computer version of this better and I would've liked to get my money back for this. Very disappointed in this game. amazing I live all of these games and I have competed almost all of them I love this game it's so addicting and fun! Just like school fun I love this game it's fun it's challengeing ! Love how I can switch the tickets with on screen buttons, wish this was in the web version like using the numbers, arrow or wsad keys on the keyboard MAKE MORE, PLEASE. PRETTY PLEASE WITH A CHERRY ON TOP???!! LOL GET IT? Seriously though this game is so awesome make more. You've got five stars everywhere make mooooooooooooooooooore.☺ Can I have my money back Gives me something to do.. This app used to work perfectly well on my Note 4, and then out of nowhere I'm experiencing this awful lag. I just reinstalled the game, but to no avail! Any chance of this being fixed anytime soon? I loved the game until this issue. Awsome I want my refunds back I uninstalled it but didn't give back my money Loved it I love all of the papa's games and I was so excited to hear that now you can have them on your phone! You guys should add all of the papa's games to go! This is my favorite game now i play it all the time My dad bought me this game. And I love it. The 2.99 game is cool but almost 3.00 get this one. My dad is the best. Love him;-) I can't install. Refunds? Great game. Always loved the Papa's game series but after some time, you just get through everyday without buying anymore upgrades and you just try your best to get the most out of your money. It takes to much battery and u can play this for free in pc I got 3 ribbons from the food critickt and it says I only have one blue freacken ribbuon so its just bs ok know I have  like 10 ribbons I just got one today and it says I have no ribbons. :( that is really stupid But then it started going really slow and it looked fuzzy. Please have an update to fix it or something because I really love this game. I installed it and played it for a little while and then it got boring so I uninstalled it and now the button that says refund won't show up. Please fix this I want my money back!!!!! I wish there was more than just ice cream ;n; REFUND If your expecting a REFUND when you delete it don't get this game unless you don't care but most people do care about REFUND I love this app 99 cents is worth it❤ This is a really fun game I recon you should make an update with new things to buy in they shop or mini games where you can use your coins Yarn The best game EVER This is the best game ever even the to go You guys should make one with the hotdogs and pasta. Best game ever! Thank you guys! I uesd to love this game now its just its boring it was very addicting when I got I now its boring 😐and now its just dosent work anymore really I have to do so many things just to let my younger sibling play on it Love the soo much Add more items and flavors and let be able to have more than 6 characters and make us able to customize our own characters I want my money back this game sucks the only reason I still have it is because I paid money!! I am going to be the best player Dhsh Just fabulous too bad does not have parade ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is so awesome I had to have it Boring after a while :( Es bueno It so awesome I'm on day 21 rank 12 but HD is kind of better I like because u make sundes I want my refund on freezeria and pizzaria because they work for awhile and then the whole app on both started shutting down I worked so hard to get it all taken away cause of the app. It should let you get a refund when you want it No refund! I want refund by cant.... Loved it on my laptop and now I love it on here. Looking forward to hopefully seeing the pancakeria as an app soon? its amazing a little difficult at first but you get used to it I'm hoping you will make a chicken wing game for android soon keep up the good work I love this game is better than on a computer Akeelah@clark This game is awesome because you get more and more things. Love it. Is it normal to get foodini  on day 3.      And why are th e games not free they are on computer. I love this game! But... I think that it might need some more to shop for like more boosters or something. But it is not that bug of a deal though. It is awesome! This is my favorite game this is the best game am in level 69 thats fun Its so fun sometimes you can get frustrated with it but its super fun im already a rank 7 and i have so many new people coming in that are new and getting new items im only on day 11 on the game.WOW😊. I love this version of the online game! It has almost everything the online version has except for there's not much to buy in the store. Really nice anyways! :D I love this game its the best This game is a dollar pretty much and its a great game but I feel like I'm steeling this game from you because it cost so little and this is a great game,but one thing I don't like is that it has less things to buy and I would like it if you could add more things that I can buy. I really like this game but you guys need to update the graphics of the game thats pretty much it😊 This game isn't much without any updates with items and all pls i ask for u to update more // Request: add a papa's pancakeria and taco mia pls It's really nice that you can play papas freezeria without WiFi It gets harder and harder but its fun When I got this app it never worked and uninstalled then installed again but it doesn't work at all. I would really appreciate if I could get my money back I'm pretty mad. I can't find the HD and this app is soooo boring.  No update ether.  Dont get it. Horrible i uninstall it and it destroyed my freaking data I got the game ♥ ♡♥♡♥♡♥♡♥ Very fun Love this game it is really cool. Love how you can buy things that can improve waiting score and mix the ice cream faster and better. I love playing this game on the computer and now it is on the app store so it is just great! :-) I love making stuff so I think its awesome It is a great game I love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!! It was pretty fun and I liked it. But you should add papa's cupcakeria and papa's hot dogeria All my stuff got erased! So mad! 😠😠 I found out how to get refunds people!! When you buy the game and you start playing it you have 2 hours to refund it or else its permenent thts what I did for sims 3 and the full version geomatry dash...... just refund it the first two hours!!!!!! Better in the PC. I want a refund because I hate it.  Give me a refund!!!!!!!!!!                @#!#*****@#/#^@!/! I love this game very much it's sooooo addicting Simple, fun to play, and somehow addicting. One concern would be can't you add more stuff in the store like Pizzeria to go? Kinda boring with the same lavender stripes and tropical furniture Really good recommended it. It does glitch quite a lot too though ♥ I uninstalled the app and did not get my money back. I can not belive i wasted my £10 on this application Good game! Love it Its ok I love these games so much. I used to play them when I was younger and now theres a cool game so I can play it anytime. Thanks so much! I just got refunded awesome!! But it gets boring after a while I loved the game for about an hour and played it lots; however once I had played for it and it got a bit boring I uninstalled it and it didn't give my money back! Make  more! you really need to add papa's donutsarea and you really need to add a cutain time that the customers are waiting for like 6 min. Over one customer 1over the other No refund It lagged so much on my Galaxy note 4. I even used my game booster. Loved it so much The only reason I am giving you 4 stars is because once you buy all the items in the store, you have nothing else to use your money on. What am I suppose to do with all my money? I would highly appreciate it if you add more items in the shop. Thanks! I believe thus is a good game. But it is very unfair that you have to pay for it...maybe if you bought one of the Papa's game, you should be able to get them all free...would only be fair. Loved it so much best game ever this is so fun play it Asome I would love to see some new stuff in the shop since I purchased everything. (maybe add posters like the website version) I am astonished by how many people are complaining about no refunds. It costs ONE DOLLAR. You won't starve, trust me. I really like this games it's addicting too It is boring The game always crashes on me and it glitches so i blend it fast I WONT MY MONEY BACK NOW!!!!! I cost $0.99 and when I wanted a refund it didn't give me a refund!!!!! And it gets boring after a while!!!! I love this game! I play it all the time I bought this game and it won't even install... it's just loading forever not downloading...  whats the problem? iPhone latest all the light Need new customers and new topping new mixables just need new everything I bought it and then it wouldn't download until the second time I tried just a waste of money could improve to be better for everyone to play I can't believe there's no refund option. My nephew was playing on my phone and bought this app without asking me. Now I can't get a refund? This is ridiculous. Terrible app and even worse creators!! The graphics could be a little better ADD MORE FURNITURE ALREADY BOUGHT EVERYTHING MAKE IT LIKE COOLMATH.  And the person who said that they deleted the game for re fund was stupid because the refund only lasts for like 15 mins or 2hrs I'm not sure but that comment was stupid and unessecary I cant get my money back Love it People are mad about no refunds, but you ultimately spend money to play it and you get to. If you're mad about it, don't spend your money. The fact that they made this game almost exactly like the computer version with easy-to-use controls is a hard thing to achieve. Worth every penny. Love it no problems I hope it will be the same Cool Ever since I got my phone and installed this, the app was way different from the version on my tablet. I will give this 5 stars if you make it like my tablets version. It had a make your own character choice. It have you tickets every time you got good orders. And after the day is fine, you could turn in your tickets and do a mini game and get prizes. You could buy clothes and stuff for your person. I cleared SSSSSSOOOOOO much off my tablet and still not downloading. I spent $1.99 for ABSOULTY NOTING!!!!!!! thanks flipline studios. Really appreciate it. NOT!!!!😤😤😤 It's really nice Good way to kill time,some lag is the only  issue. Want a REFUND!!!!!!!!! Its great Graphics are fuzzy I tried to play it but it just kept crashing One Star until I get my Refund Loved it so much I frequently play all the Papa games on my computer, so this is awesome!! And its only 1$!! Some people are complaining about not getting refunds, but honestly, its super cheap Won't give me a refund on it doesn't have a refund but cool game Ok so i had this game on my ipod 5 and I loved it. I got a galaxy s4 and just had to download this game again. On my ipod it was very smooth operation but on my galaxy it has major lag. I Uninstalled alot of game to open up memory. I disabled quite a few apps to boost my phone. Nothing has helped. If you can fix the lag then I'll be more than happy to rate 5 stars and continue playing. The game is fun and I enjoy it but since the update its running extremely slow, too slow to even play. Help please! Love this game it's funny when I do wrong orders and so much whipped cream XD So awesome There were more choices in shop. Gets boring. I have $808 and nothing to spend it on. I installed it and there was an error at first. It wouldn't let me refund or anything like that. Then I exited out of Google Play, came back in, and tried again. I was able to refund it, and buy it without any problems the second time. It is a great game, especially if you liked it on the web on the PC! Has everything you need to make a great sundae!!! Really good game enjoyed playing it I love this game! It is a great time management game that allows me to let my brain relax some. Not worth the money I love it I tried to update it but it would not let me and I have a lot of storage left for games. Please help! its addicting Reason for this I bought everything in the store and now I have all these tips and nothing to spend it on. Need more stop items offered as you advance in the game. Getting boring may uninstall Didnt get my money back and i only had it install for a day.. Shakes pizza and burgers ....the best, but can we please get  the pancakes my favorite! It was fun at first but when I tried to get on it about the fifth time it would freeze so I couldn't press play.Fix or give me a refund! Wish there was a way to transfer data from another device great game though It done download fully so much fun I love it sooooooooooooooooooooooooo good awesome fantastic super Same thing as the title Its asom Love this game. I just started playing this game today it is getting a bit boring already!  On my phone there is a refund button. Fun game, all my friends have it to People, it clearly says no refunds when you purchase it to give you a warning. So clearly you chose to buy it so don't expect a fkn refund fs. But yeah this game is great! Rocks I love this game but I want more cooking games to  play It got a bit boring and I deleted it but no refund.fix that:( Its an awesome game. I don't mean to brag but... I got a blue ribbon from JoJo. The critic I played the papa's collection in school a lot haha This app is awesome keep it up IT SUCKS I CANT EVEN DRAG THE MILKSHAKE I loved the game I remember playing it on the computer but I could never take it to-go. Some people are saying you can't get a refund but seriously how many products games or toys do you buy that give refunds??? This is a horrible game BTW No refunds Best I love this game, its great. But after you buy everything it gets boring because you just collect money for no reason. It would have 5 stars if I had more stuff to buy. It would also be cool if we could have the mini games like the computer and have more than 6 customers a day. Awesome Very addicting but once you buy everything in the shop you have nothing else to spend it on; needs to be more things to buy. I am quite disapointed to hear that there are no refunds. What the hell I won't my money back! This is nonsense I cannot pick up my cup! It didn't keep my attention but it was a great game It would be better in hd also it would be fun if you would be able to create your own person like in hd i love the hd version cause you can move the stuff and play mini games plz fix more stuff plz it will be nice if u can😊 This is amazing ! I l love it I like the first level Super cool app My marshmallow, cotton candy and chocolate syrup didn't be touch so I need to change the recipe of who ordered it. Then my point less. I hope it will be fix because I already level 10. I want my money back good papa's freezeria place Very addicting!😊 You have got to get this Rubbish REFUND please give me my 59p back. ( saying in a nice way because I can't refund ) its fun Fun to play Waaaaaaaa I deleted dumb me but the game was fun My favorite game I got refond This won't install and now I can't download anything else  The app got boring and I want a refund! I wish you could provide the HD one on android I can't find it anywhere but anyway this is a great game the only problem is that it doesn't have mini games or anything else to buy When I download it. It just stays at 100and doesn't want to download I love this game, but I never wanted buy it because I didnt know if I would like it or not! I am so happy that it worked Good job No refunds Needs to be updated for lolipop users and maybe s5 too because wver since the update the game lags Why no refunds : ` ( Good bit we should be able to customize our characters Thats fun but not that much!!! The screen was totaly black and I couldnt play since I couldnt see a thing Its a really fun gamw 😎😃 This is so amazing because you can serve delicious sundays I am loving this game, and that won't be able to put down my phone at all. It is really great, but eventually I already bought everything in the shop. Perhaps have some more things to purchase or another way to spend your leftover tips at the end of everyday. But well done, Flipline! May you continue to share your games to the world! It works so well, yeah it gets a little boring but it works so good!!!!!! It doesn't give me my money Yass BUT. it sucks on the phone. I want my money back and it won't give me a refund. Seriously people don't install. Thankyou♥ A good time waster This is 1 of my games. I always played this on computer before I got the app. Please make a app for papa's donuteria- That's my favorite 1 from u guys I love it Should start putting all the papa's game like Papa's wingeria, Papa's panckeria, Papa's cupcakeria, Papa's taqueria etc . .. Youcan see that people dont like this game , but I loved it It is so addicting and a great way to pass time! I think it's fun but complicated Too much adds Went on for 1 day decided it was boring, IT IS, and I can't get a refund. Don't get this only enjoying for 1st 5mins Best games Its fun but wished there would be more stuff on the store I LOVE the Papa's games. But on cool math games the quality is much better and it's also funner on cool math Soooo much fun! Wish you could buy more stuff, but still fun anyway! No refund seriously :-( Its a pretty fun game but it gets pretty boring after awhile just saying! need refund error dowloading One of my favorite games I liked the Gane but got too op Ave I didn't get my money back The game was so fun u can make milkshakes I love it so much but when u try to delete it u can download it again so u don't waste ur money.I just love it soooo much my mom payed it for me and I love it Fun way to make things I got the game then it got boring so I tried to get a refund but it didn't let me?! I want my money back please That's not fair I downloaded the game and I didn't like it so I come to get a refund and I can't that's not fair at all The game is OK but it got boring for a while so I think I will keep it Liked the game but got bored of it and now i got it back its deleted my progress.. I honestly  love playing these games to pass the time& I really really hope you make the other papa's  games into phone apps ;-; Fast-paced strategy game that's a great way to kill time. The only thing is that once you buy everything in the shop, there's nothing else to buy so you just have a ton of coins for nothing. Also, you only get up to 6 customers per day maximum. Also heard that if you uninstall, there's no refund. Otherwise, love it! 👍 I really Flippin love this game but I have one small problem similar to everyone else's, I had over 2k coins and had already bought everything. Please add more things to buy or mini games to spend coins on. Also, you can't fix this, but my baby brother deleted my file and I was on level 65 and took my calculator and estimated and it's going to take me about 16 hours to get back to where I was so please make it harder to find the delete file button. This game is absolutely amazing! I do like it more on the computer but still... I love it! Keep it up flipline studio. The game is cheap and who doesn't love making milkshakes. Its the game I always play when I'm bored. Got bored of it after a while and it didnt refund  my money after I uninstalled it the game was okay but its the same thing again and again I wouldn't recommend it I love this game, the only thing is that it needs mini games like on the computer version. Other than that, love it! I like this game because it is so fun to play with someone but I like it on the computer but i like it on the computer I love the game,It got boring,It uninstalled and I didn't get my money back.Also it is not as good as computer version on cool math. My 7,8, and 10 year olds love it I love this game!!! It is ok but gets a bit boring after a bit and if we dont want it anymore they dont give our money back I liked the game This game is horrible I want my mony back I LOVED IT i hope you make wingeria next that one is my favorite I liked the game and I played it for awhile, but it got a little boring so I deleted it and now it won't give MY money back. So if you do that it will be appreciated thanks Vhhhhgghhgyyggggggggggggggggggggggggygggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbggggggbgggggggggggaggggggggggggggggggggggagagqgqgqggwgsggsggsggsgsggsgsgssggssggsgsgsgsggsg I wish all the papa's games were available on android phones they are so addictive and made up very well! I think this game is the best. Im 15 and still like to play it. 8/8 its the coolest Is it 99¢ everyday or is forever until you delete hey I love all the games their awesome just one request can you please get papas dounteria to go I'll buy it and everything please that ones my favorite I accidently go this instead of the HD version... I can't get a freaking refund!!!!! Change this to get more stars. This is NOT cool! LOVVVEEE IT so much fun!!! Have enough space on phone but when it hits 100% it says error insignificant space on phone Not as good as on computer, I love the computer version on Cool Math. Overall very good and no problems. This is so much fun to play!!!!!! Love the papas games just need tp add more shop upgrades as i have nothing to spend my money on but apart from that really good game I've been surprised by how much I've continued to enjoy playing this game. It's simplicity makes it perfect for waiting rooms, quick breaks or just killing a little time and just challenging enough to keep me interested in playing. True, it would be better if there were more purchases to earn. Its awsem!!!!!!!! Dosent want to finish instaling on 100% It kind of gets old after a few rounds and you can  play this on the computer so I dont know why most people would buy or installed this app😕😕😕😕😕😐😐😐😐😐😐😞😞😞😞😞😞😞😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😺 I want a refund . Ok please give me my money back. Its a cool game . Gets boring . I can play it on the road!! Nice game but wish it was free If I try to purchase it it wont lett me plz fizz playstore I love it because you take orders and served them . Its so fun to AWESOME Love this game This is the best game ever! Fun game So fun My dollar does not feel wasted. Its fun and it made my tablet go dead cause i played it so much😂 but the mini games would be cool👍 I recommend the game, its very fun and requires no WiFi Good game love the idea for the game but,as I said, it does take time to actually get coins and stuff. Other wise, 4/5 stars ✴✴✴✴/✴✴✴✴✴ Awesome game! At he begging I was really confused on how too put cherry on in different places but now I get it. But it could of helped if it told you how. love it, Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa This game is really fun. It's super addictive and my top favorite game. Takes to much memory I play it nonstop I love it!!!! It was worth spending just a few dollars for it!!😊😊😊 Fun I like to travel and this game needs no wi fi. I enjoy making treats because i worked at DQ so long ago! It reminds me of the good ole days. A battery drain like no other. I have many apps installed and many games but the battery drain in this game is something I didn't see in a long time. This should be fixed. Then I bump it up to 5 stars. I love it. Awesome game its so worth .99 I love this game its the only game like thing on my pone  That I keeps me inertained I love serving all of the costumers! I think it is a fun game! I don't know why but it won't download it just says installing😡 I'll give 5 stars if you fix this! 😱 wooooooooooow This game is very interesting but I bought everything so if you want 5 stars PLEASE put more stuff in the shop It helps consntraten Absolute adictive It should all be free! So stupid terrible I really enjoy it Uhmm flipline could we get a refund i mean it will be a Waste if we cant you judt took our Money Please Write back But the ads annoying I paid for this game why are there ads?? The iPad version is better...if you could make it like the iPad version it would definitely be 5 stars😊 It is sooo fun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i love this game but it keeps lagging and i keep screwing up the sauce and toppings but its still a great game i recommend it :-) It is awesome but I wish there was a bigger shop I bought every thing and I am a level 62 I love these games!!!!...I have purchased three of the papa games and I love them all!!...simple game concept with the tricky challenge of time management!!!....fun time killer👍👍💜 I hate when the fat customer comes in because he is bossy and he orders to much It is really fun but I have bought everything and I have a lot of coins saved. It would be nice if the game provided more things to buy or like the computer version, provide an arcade section in which we spend coins to play little mini games. On my old tablet it would not install but on my new tablet it did. I would like to see all the papa's games in app form. It is really boring This game is awesome, so much fun. I love all of the Papas games. Please make the pancakeria next!!! i payed for it and it never downloaded and it wont tive me my money back...you guys really are stupid idiots making people think they are going to get a game for their money and you rip them off by taking their money and not giving a game...thats STEALING! Fu ck you guys Love it a little to slow in blending but love it😍 amazing game fun for kids and cool to play Cool game. But I was a dummy and got this version on my tablet. Any chance I can get a refund and buy the hd version for my tablet? That would be cool. Please do more google play apps...I've got all the ones so far.... i love this game but it is free on the compter I like the controls but it seems hard to get coins Great game If you really love these games go to Google then download aptoide, with the app aptoide you can get any paid app for free and you can get papa's burgeria, wingeria, cupcakeria, donuteria, pizzeria and much more! It's awesome It dosent let me get a re fund and my orders keep getting mixed up u would be able to touch a number and go to the order I can't stop playing it Watcha know i saw ihascupquke from youtude playing this game and i thought i would like it It's fun and addicting but it freezes alot Wonderful, great, epic, cool It's ultra fun and although I never pay for games, this one's worth it. However, I have all of the shop items as well as toppings, flavourings and mixables so it's a bit boring now. I'd give 5 stars if there was an update with more items. I now have over $10,000 in tips but nothing to do with it! I love this game on coolmath but its better on the phone Need more flavors. I love this app!! Loooooooooooovvvvvvvvveeeee it Liked it Spatackler I like it slotting I like it I bought all the items and now the money is useless. I love this app it is addicting!! Just plane amazing! TOTALLY AWESOME I purchased this but i didnt know on 2 hours you couldnt refund so i would like a full refund this looks goodwell let's find out Its a pretty fantastic game It's a great game seeing as though I hrew up playing it. Could have added the more computer like play - time I like it but I think it's better on the tablets. Its a really great game but i dont think it ao amazing and perfect to cost $$$ but its cheap so that is a good thing Love it it is great I literally hate this game, I should get a refund. I play this game all the time its amazing period! Awesome!!!.The game mainly deals with the time management between four areas of Freezeria restaurant. A refund I don't like it I've played this game on coolmath before, and it's really, really addicting! This game is fantastically awesome. I reached rank 100 and I am still not bored with this game! I highly recommend this app! 👍👍👍👍👏👏👌👌 I'm on day 35 It never glitches or anything it's the best game EVER its AWESOME Hate it it won't give me a refund😾 I love it! So addictive! But can you add more stuff to the shop? I got the game yesterday and I've already added all the stuff. Thanks! I love IT ♡♡♡♡♡ Awesome Super fun The game has gotten boring and dull I'm thinking about deleting it if I do I'd like to have a refund of 99 cents thanks I played the pc version and i fell in love with this game, now they released the mobile version with same experience Very addicting. The only issue I have is that your games don't work on my tablet. My taps don't register. Please fix that, I would love to play your games on my tablet. One of my favorite apps (: The game is too boring. Awesooomeeee gameeee So epic its even more epic the epic or the epic face Good game It wont download I usually play it on my laptop on cool math but now I can take it anywhere Freezin goooddd.... Simply love this game very addicting and time killing best game ever! Such an amazing game Best thing in the whole wide world you should really try it if you don't agree to try this amazing game you're losing a lot Waiting for papa's wingeria to get in play store I love this app love it I like the idea behind the game and it Is great for long car rides that you need to get addicted to something. But there are bugs. ♥♥♥♥♡:Px):D;):)=) Great game Awesome when I get to level or rank 16,when I press the button to put the whipped cream it freezes my whole phone and I have to shut it off. Please fix this!! I want to play again!! If you don't like it your a loser This is my favoriylte game the only bad thing is that I think it should be free I want a refund Brooke Copeland My game I keep trying but it won't install!! PLEASE FIX This is an awesome game, it has loads of challenging levels as well as a annoying food critic!!!! Love it Boring I love the game but only one fault it didn't refund me but still aka amazing game well done to the creators of it This game is so awesome It's awesome, but sometimes when I go to the topping station, it lags, and makes all the topping go automatically onto the sundae. Overall, the games is amazing. I would like to have my money back because it was boring. Not challenging  and only 6 costumers  a day. This game is so fun and I recommend it to anybody who is thinking about buying it! Would be better if you put more coustomers per day. And more items to buy. And more items to use on the sundaes.  I would be cool if you can decorate you store your own way like papas cupcakeria Great I bought minecraft and had extra money so i bought this. I enjoy making and serving smoothies and i hope you do too.Anybody should try to download this game Stupid game!!!! I love this game but it kind of hard and easy because all of the customers and serving them XD Very good app, keeps it exiting with new upgrades. Happy with purchase This game is amazing, just like the PC.  It brings excitement to to the game when you unlock new things and you easily get addicted to it! 😃 love this game!!! 🍦 I love it like the game a lot! I've been playing what seems like forever and I still haven't gotten any new whipped toppings after the bluish one. Anybody else get more after that? And there needs to be more things to buy with money earned. I have to much $$ n nothing to spend it on . & 6 costumer per day add like 8 per day It's a fun game but stopped being challening at around level 7. It's too easy. I love this game I would  never delete it and if u do t have money to buy it then go on line and play the game on cool math games Its a cool game very addicting and fun to play!! :-) This is definetely my favoritre in the series and I was happy to find it on here, would be great it there were more furnishings though! I love all the papas games big fan I'm so addicted to this game!! Like so we can customize are own worker please do it when you have the time Can u make custom files. This game is definitely Worth the money it's an awesome game and I hope this company makes more of their games for mobile Could you please add more stuff to make it more interesting like on the computer? This is truely a great fun game! You serve your costumers fun frozen treats in exchange for money, which you can use to buy upgrades in the shop! I only have 1 probelm with this game. I am at rank 67, and I have all of the toppings (pourable, the ones you put on top, and the fluffy creams) all of the mixables, all of the syrups, and all of the costumers unlocked. I feel as though there is no reason to play anymore since I don't really earn anything. I need more optains to make this a 5 star review! Make the wingeria next please! That one's my favorite! It sometimes freezes during the game. Its a fun fun game It got boring after I got to level 75 and I had over $100,000. I got annoying It gets boring after a bit but can you make more papas games for phones plzz I love flipline studios, and this game is one of my favorites. Both online and the app! This is a great game but as you climb in rank you end up buying everything in the shop and have money you don't essentially need. Can we have more adds to the shop or maybe buy wardrobes like on the PC version? That would gain a five star rating. I love it I can play it all day long It said in the description when I bought it I would get my money back ifi wanted to u install it. I uninstalled it....so....where's my money? Never regret bought this  game..... so addictive Love the app but could you add Papa's Taco Mia Love it This game is super fun you should really get this game.But add 2 people working at the same time?! I really love this game because I been playing them in cool math in my school. When you have really nothing to do. Love this game Love it This game is really good! You should add more things, like actually moving posters and other places where you want them! I would also LOVE it if you add Jacksmith to Android! Awsome Played it on computer... really fun but its much different on mobile devices The game won't even install on my phone so I need my money back I love every papa's game! Please make more of them mobile!! This game rocks on computer on here ITS ROCKS MY SOCKS OFF I love it so much if I wer u I would buy it :D THIS GAME IS AWESOME!! That's all I can say that it is AWESOME! Loved it on the computer and now on the phone. There needs to be more items in the shop though. Also customization for the walls with decorations would be awesome. Lagged to much. I want my money back now!!!!! Love this series on the internet. Cant wate for more mobile versions I love this app  but after a day or 2  it gets boring This keeps closing before it gets to the first screen, its even before I can start playing it This game is fun and very creative. I lost all of my progress!  I was on week 1 day 7.  I picked Penny. I didn't buy anything so I had somewhere around 96 dollars. How am I supposed to get it back now? Addictive and a good way to pass time I totally love this game totally worth the 0.99 cents the only thing i would like, is to be able to mute the music only and hear the bells whenever a costumer comes in or the sundaes are done mixing Love it love it love it love it I used to play this a lot on my computer, I'm so happy it came out for Android, and this was worth the $1 I paid for. Love this game It is almost the same as the computer game It keeps showing waves and a flag and plays music Fun game I is AWESOME Why is this game so good :) Great game, bring out all the other papa games please! Great but a few problems i like it . it is a fun game Great way to pass the time. I'm in love with this, you guys should make apps for the other ones too. LLlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllLlllLLlllllllllllllll :-)socool:-) I have the game on my iPad and loved it, but when I bought on my android phone it kept on stopping the installation at 99% And after my second attempt, the refund button disappeared! Please fix this. I'll give it give five stars if you do. 😀😦😧😥😆😩 #wantmoneyback! This game is real addicting It's something worth buying Awwsome Neat game My favorite games. If you could make tacomia then life would be complete lol This game is awesome ! You should get the game really not a rip off It is pretty fun. 5 stars Love this gameeee Fum This game is awesome I love it ITS MY FAVORITE GAME This game is just great Amazing!!!!!! Its so addicting I love it It keeps freezing on me fix plz Vvvvvvv good but the HD version is better I think You should make more of these games Love games like this ^,^ Great. But one minor bug when I make a freezy thing it dissappers and when I make a new one I dosen't register it and I'm playing on a sero 7 lite. I think it should have more accessories for the people and less blurriness so like HD oh and those tokens I use to play this game when i was younger on the computer now its on my tablet even better😜💜. I thought that they were going to give me a refund but they didn't!?! I really liked this game, but can you give more customers please? It'll be lots of fun. I love this game!!! Gets boring after a while!?! Game works very well I recently purchased the game its sooooo fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love unlocking all the characters and toppings its really fun totally worth the money Not HD Awesome I love it Its fun for little kids I downloaded it and pressed on it but it came up with a black screen with a bit of water and 2 flags.  I love this game better on he computer. PLEEEEEEEEAAAAAAASE FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIX IIIIIIIIIIT!!!!!!! Love most of the computer games and feel that you get more control when decorating with the phone version. I have run out of upgrades to buy and would to see the seasons idea added to this version (perhaps as an expansion pack) as it would give more play time with a sense of going somewhere rather than the slightly monotonous repetitiousness that I feel atm. Fun I like it... Best game ever its about a girl or guy geting a job and you have to take over.  Look for more Bradly Acosta   :-$ Its good and a awesome game from time to time, but its also kinda like the pc game but only on mobile devices! Fun game!! Im so glad freezeria is on mobile as its one of my favourite flipline game. Please add more like donuteria, hotdogria and all those!! Im sure many people will spend that little bit to play all those fun games we love on the com! Totally worth the money! I loved this game on pc so I got it nothing wrong I love this game. I started playing it on PC until I found out that was on Android. 5 stars Won't give me a refund but great game I would like to see a To Go for TacoMia!! Love this game slot very fun and good for bordem.  I wish there was other games like this like on the website. Otherwise Love it. 💯👍 I hope there'll be Papa's Wingeria or Pastaria soon!! !!!! ♥♥♥ Awesome game! ;) Loved it online now its on my phone  10 stars I hit the refund button but it wouldn't give me back my money. Besides that it a good game Amazing app so fun its addicting though watch out lol It me be a little bit hard to play but its awesome totally awsome It is worth 99cent I am only 11 and I even think this is good for all ages I played this game ever since finally they have it on app so I really think you guys should try it Awesome!!!!! In tablet and computer Great game Bestest friends but long installation awsome. I really do love this game but after 4 days on my second week I couldn't press play and it would worj Very addictive and I've never had any problems with it. I love this one but I wish you would add the wingeria cause that my favorite one i havent played yet. it wont install and i already bought the game! Hate it doesn't work  0.99 for nothing This is my favorite game BUT U GUYS SUCK. Your asking why. It says it takes 35.10 MB I have more than 90 MB. Guess what it says when I try to download. INSUFFICIENT STORAGE AVAILBLE This is the best game ever but i wish there was more upgrades in the shop because i saved up over $2000 and can't spend any of it. Also can you put doughnutia on. Love it I loved the game on pc but now....... its even better! So worth it! A bit repetative,great to pass the time with though Bought and the best part is that i can get a refund at any time Fast and fun It doesn't download I played the game when i downloaded it and then ever since i have tried go on it it just freezes on the loading screen .i have paided for this game and only playes it once. Arrrggghhh. Could use a HD ver. Fie Great game never let me download it but then charged me the money without me ever getting to play it Just wish you could customize more. Once you but everything the game gets a little boring.  But still gave it 4 stats because i love the flip line games I wish there was more things to buy.  On the computer version there is a lot.  I bought everything and I have like a 1 million dollars and nothing to do with it. Also wish I would get more than 6 customers at a time lol I don't really like playing on the computer, but then I can't play it. But now I can! No glitches! Its perfect! Supper great Like it Love this game Awesome I play this game a lot as its very entertaining, but that's the problem, I have so much money I bought everything in the shop. So I would like more items in the shop and that would make a 5 star-rating. Also on the computer you can do the mini parade games with the tokens you collect, why can't we have it on here? Thanks I Don't Like I LOVE IT Always played it on computers at school now I can play it on the go!!! This game is the best game ever!!!!!! Very good Please make more games &lt;3 I love playing it on my laptop  loving it on my phone as well. Please please please make a cupcakeria or something. Best ever!!!!!! I love this game I play it all the time. Its really fun and passes time. Only thing is, I don't get how when u reach a certain level its almost the same day everyday but at least u can keep playing and don't have to start over. Great game, great price LOVE IT. :) Thanks for a great adaptation of a fantastic online game! Been playing Pastaria, Cupcakeria, Taco Mia on the web. Make it on the go please I want a refund I hate this game wayy better on the computer I love this game it's so fun!! We love this game. My son plays it online so when we realised we could get it for his tablet he was over the moon love the game If you have $0.99 cents this is the game you need to buy Love this game Every 1 loves it if ur are thinking about getting it just get it it is educational as well Fun, repetitive building game. You can play online for free if you want to try it first. I love this game Really recommend it to anybody that wants to purhase it So much fun! Making sundaes and getting paid, is so much fun! Best game I ever played The screen goes black every time I play please help!!!!!! Pretty frickin addictive👑love it! Stole my money I adored this game when it was online, and this makes it so much easier to play, thank you. LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE LOVE IT I'mj pretty far in the game and it keeps glitching when I get to the mixing part it isnt bringing the sundae to the mixing station. Wish we could customize BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!! You guys should definitely add the rest of the series! I'd get them. It took very long to download about 3hours. But the game is good and when I tryed to refund the second time it dissappeared. But I'm glad I downloaded it. Nice Love it Fun time passer So good and so cool aswell used to play on my cumputer but now I can play on my phone  o_O Its great , especially for the price.. Very well worth the money ... Would be better if you cpuld decorate it yourself , and also if you could serve more than just 6 customers .. And there arent as many decorations as the.online version.. Other than that great game !!!! Would love to see a few changes though I love this game Awesome game!everyone should download this! Really fun I can play it for hours. Love the game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♡♡♡♡♡♡♡¤¤♥♥♥♥♥♥♡♡♡♡♥♥♥♥♡♡♥♥♡♡♥♥♡ yea make more of them This game is the best. It keep me calm and busy if I'm bored!!!! :-) :-) This is an amazing game you will love it Game is great, the alterations made suit phones to a T but having only 6 customers is not challenging. Especially since you've had 6 customers from the start. Need a greater variety of blends and more customers at once. i love this game its better than the one in the computer 🔆 Is game towt me to make smouthy Addictive game. So I love this game I had it on my old phone but then I got a new one so Google play still had it paid for but it lost my progress but anyway it's a great game it's worth the Money plus Olney a doller.🎮💙💙 Great game I love this app and every single one of the other Papa's games. They're fun, simple, and extremely addicting. I would give it a 5 stars but it needs to be a little harder & needs mini games & more wallpapers & stuff like the game on the computer & change your character IT WONT INSTALL GRRRRRRRR I love love this game anyone who wants something challenging and that kills time should definitely get this! 👌👍 If its not downloading its probably because your downloading a lot of games at once without relizing it. On desktop or laptop it's pretty fun but on mobile everything is tiny and really stupid It won't load😡 All I can see is wright ting all I csn hear is music I payed for this I want what it says Job i love this game i was on papas hotdogeria then a ad came on papas freezeria then i saw it say that i can get it on Google play so i got it, best game ever Cool game I remember playing this on the computer! Ever since I started playing this game my eyes have been glued to my phone lol. It's a amazing game because well who don't like papa's - ria games? Also since you can have 3 profiles my brother had been asking to play on my phone lately. What a awesome game. Thank you Flipline Studios!!!!! I used to play it online on the computer and I had to buy the app.. Really fun and entertaining leveling up and all that! It is a good game!! This is probably the best game I ever played good job and make more papa food games please Papas I really liked this game until I bought everything in the shop... Now it's just boring!! I suggest more items in the shop like being able to automate all things not just the ice cream dispenser. Then add more customers at faster pace... More options to change server....hats, clothes etc... I love how its lag free! The price is fair! And is really fun for me :) plus I also love u can refund :D go papa's freezeria or however u spell it xD Won't let me download Coool Love it gud game Amazing game. Worth the dollar. Awesome. Now I can play from the confort of my phone instead of just on pc. Excellent fun for all ages, especially children. I really loved this game from the animations to the toppings,but I need more things in the shop because I bought them all. I loved it I hope i didnt spend my LAST 99* on this but i love it on computer Cool I luv it I l8ve it Can you try and make it work better on samsung galaxy tablets please I would appreciate it :/ :) Great gamee llh llf Im so addicted to this game!  Ya its a lil glitchy at times but nothins perfect!!  I love it :) Love the game  The only thing is that after a while it gets kind of boring. Its like a no WiFi & nothing to do kind of game. If you could add more things that would be better like , hats decoration stuff, costume characters I loved it then I logged on this morning and it deleted my users... Stupid.. I love it it is amazing 4 wen I am bored so im bored alot An amazing app that keeps u acupied while being bored to its like awsomsause Love it I played this game on the internet and I enjoyed then and also same as now. Loved it.  Please bring more on android apps But maybe if the screen didn't cut out on the edges it would be better Love the idea of how kids get to fix smoothie Great I liked this game, is full of fun and time management u should download it.*** its awesome it worth my money!! I cant get in. All i get is a black screen. Whats with that? Also does it need internet ir doesnt? I give 2 stars because i like this game on the computer. Awsome Well thought of port. However, some things like the customer profiles and achievements are only visible from the pause menu. The six customers per day limit seems to make the game way too easy, though. I used to play this online to time pass haha so when I discovered its on Google play, I had to get it. Its pretty cool. Pretty boring after buying everything though. Im pretty sure the original had much more items and wallpaper things and hats to buy also? Maybe if you can include that, would be cooler :-) and I hope ypu get the other papa-reia games here too! And think about customisable characters. Cool cool :) I play it all the time but it get dull once you get everything from the store This is a really fun and addicting game. I have been playing this game more than minecraft. As a result I highly recomend this app to anyone who likes these types of games. I used to love this on pc! Now i can play again on my phone! Iplay it on the computer iluve this game i obsess it It wouldn't want to work and when it did work it would force me out of the game so I want my money back plz This game is amazing I love it. People who are saying things about this need to stfu and take a seat because it's not true kay thanks. Loved it lol I like it Its very fun and way cheaper than the rest This game is really cute and entertaining. As a flipline fan I think this game is totally worth the money. Although there are still some problems inside the game but it's pretty decent. I hope you guys add customise characters section just like in the web version and release more games sometime in the future :) I love the diversity in the different character's tastes and the amount of toppings and things to unlock. Though there could be more stuff to buy for the store and for your person like a jacket and wall paper. Otherwise,  Totally worth the .99$ on my nexus tablet. I can't stop playing this game its one of the best game I played This game is awesome but I wish you could buy the toppings instead of earn them but still its a really great game keep up the good work :) World's Best Game Ever Best game ever This game is a wonderful time killer when I am waiting four computers or servers to finish installing or upgrading things Awesome just like cool math I love this game! It is hd. No blurring at all! I wish there were more things in the shop and I also wish you could make your own character! Papa's freezeria I love playing this game its so much fun. I liked playing it on my computer and now I can play it were ever. This was worth my money. :) I love this game me and my daughter enjoy i just want more stuff inthe store when there is ill give it 5 but for now it is4 Like it All ur others r crap kus they are not real game So i really love this game but i have a couple of issues when mixing the shakes its hard to move the cup i have had no problem with this but know that im at level 34 its becoming a problem please fix because i would really like to beat this game 😀😀😀 I love the game Hated the game NOT WORTH OF THE MONEY great a good time pass So fun but sometimes hard Love it. So addicted. Rank 99 I love it Eagerly waiting for more games on mobile! I hope any bugs have been worked out..! I use a NOOK HD, and it seldom froze --perhaps only  2-3xs. I wish we could do up to 8 customers like the laptop version (Mac,)! The characters, imagination, decorating options, can't be beaten! Bravo Flipline Studios! Komputer telewizor komórka tablet i wszędzie jest suuuuuuuper ...the upgrades are great, but spread too far out. Same amount of tickets every game. But, I love these games to death so buy it to support the franchise and the developers. It works great Love this awesome app It wont even download on my phone :'( this sucks i love this game too Love this game Cool I love it it is wonderful This app is just like the computer game! Awsome! Awesome Love it It was not loading but a great game Cookbook Its my crack Unos de mis juegos favoritos lo adoro y lo juego en mi compu voy por el 23 es awesome!! Best game playing it So adictave and super fun and cute!!!!! Loving it So fun! I love this game it is sooooo fun and I love that you make freezes Sucks Amazing game Can I please refund it I don't like it Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good Papa's Freezeria To Go is one of the best apps I ever played if you think about buying the game don't hesitate and do it No bugs smooth running and fun just wish there was more. I loved others please please bring them to an app soon This game is super fun I love it! It's very fun make more games please I used to play this on the computer but now I can play it anywhere... Its fun and addictive! Different from computer but fun! Im on rank 50 its so easy, fun, and addictive!!!!! So you should really download this. There's new items, customers and cooking stuff. Fun!!!!! Always loved this game!!! Will not instal,just tsles my money. There is only one problem and that is I have money and there is nothing else to buy please add more 😓😓😜😜😳💞💘 AWESOME CAUSE MORE I DON'T HAVE TO USE MY LAPTOP I lovey this game Awsome game I love this game it is so fun I love you Flipline, you're amazing, best games ever..  The game ran smoothly until day 28, then on day 29 the first customer Pinch Hitwell orders his sundae, I build and blend it, then when I go to the whipped cream, it freezes and my phone restarts. It ran perfectly before this, and this has happened 4 times at the exact same time.   Otherwise I couldn't ask for more. This game is so amazing and I encourage EVERYONE to buy it. Amazing I can't get my money back 😔😡 Awesome game ever So, I was playing fine up until Day 19 and then I accidentally put the last Freezer before mixing it at all on the 'finished' tray. You would think "Oh, well.. Just hit the 'x' and start over.." Right? Wrong! There occurred a glitch where after I was done putting the ingredients together again, it disappeared! I had to restart the game and start the day over. I decided, well maybe it was a one time thing and tried it again.. NOPE! If you put the 'not mixed' ingredients on the finish tray, and go to top them..  And hit the 'x' and then go back to remake it because you "messed up" you remake it and go the the mixing tab, it's disappeared forever and you've got to restart the day!!! FIX IT! I really enjoy the game!!! I wish they would turn the cupcakeria into an app The game doesn't even Install it just stays at 100 percent and does noghing do not waste your money on this product Awsome but the closers r difficult This is one of my 7 yr old`s fav games Honestly I always play this game on my computer... and its great! But this is horrible😠 The game, although having the same graphic and plot, is totally different then the one I can play on my laptop! There are less things to buy, not enough upgrades, and the game takes FOREVER to complete one round. I  am very angered on how i spent money on this game and it is worse. You should just spend the extra time turning on your laptop and signing in, going on the website, THEN finally playing. I WANT MY MONEY BACK Fun fun fun! Love this game I play it on computer and then realized that it was an app. I'm addicted and love it Thanks No updates the same thing over and over should be more up dating especially when it not a free game Yesterday my sister said her  tablet update by itself. I know you think that's got nothing to do it, but her tablet uses my email. It updated my phone also. Now my apps don't show and I tried that play games thing, but it keeps on bringing me to the Play Store. On the Play Store, it only shows uninstall but not play!!! It's a good game, but I can't play it. It dosent work  I cant see the picture I spent money on this and it dosent show the picture  I think its not compatible with a  Samsung tablet Better on computer Love this game I love it but could u add more toppings to the topping carasel thing? Also, plz make the other papa games for android! If you put cooool stuff in the shop I promise to give you 5 stars Awesomr game Good I Spent money on an app that doesnt even work!!!! When I go on the app it just comes up with a black screen with music playing in the background!! Nothing els!!!! DO NOT GET THIS APP, DOESNT EVEN WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would give it NO STARS but 1 is the minimum!!!! I love it soooo much More games like this one si good totally worth the money WOW FAB GAME;-)★ Did not download for me I am a fan of this game before it was an app in android. It runs great. Kudos to the developer. And to those who says that its buggy or not playable or waste of money, try to buy a better gadgets dude maybe yours is the problem! :) im at level 38 now. :) so much fun and more flavors than when i play in y8. Hahaha :) and please update for more item at the shop, i already bought them all. And i had a lot of money now. love it hoping you guys will come out with taco and pasta mia soon! Its amazing! i love it try it! (^_^) Get it They make the last customer way to hard like if you got 100 on each station except  1 you get a bad score. Its a good game But I put five stars but I want to go fast to down out it to see or I put one star thanks! I went fast! Now  I put five stars! :)! Thanks a lot! But go fast still. Now its 45%! Yahweh its on! Now play it! Got this amazing game because I play on the compurer but now I can ply anywhere Please exuse spelling am writing in a car Love its so fun Lololollillilkvkv No one will Reed this It is a great game Its to hard to control the build station I love this game AWESOME Cool game you can play it also on a website called cool math games but there is no math!!!!! This is an awesome game but I have now purchased everything in the store and I am wondering when it will recive more items to purchase. Except that it didn't work for a while and I had to reinstall it! :l I dont really have any problems with this game! Amazing game Rate 10 But keeps on skipping What r u people walking about its perfect! I love the gummy worms but I agree it gets a little boron after awhile I said a LITTLE! Best game This is AMAZING This is a very good game, my kids like it It keeps me occupied when im bored or can't wait for something ill give it 10 star's keep it up I love this game try it Awesome awesome awesome!!!!!!xoxo;)xx I was shocked Love all the papas games. So much fun. I love all of fliplines studios papas game. I always play them on my laptop, more papa games should be available for androids definitely Very good game no gliches Excellent! Must install!  Most awesomest game ever Make more please.  Papa's Pancakeria? (,,•﹏•,,) Great game on the computer and just as good with the mobile changes. Grate love it This game is so fun! But can you update it to where you can decorate your shop more because I have to buy two things left and I  want more things to upgrade your shop. I love the game but what do I do with all the money in the old game there was so much to buy and add I mean where is the shop and is there ever more then 6 customers Great game but I wish flipline studio would make papa's wingeria for android... Got this game and now i am addicted to this. If you like this game than you would like the burgeria. Love the Papa's games. Very addictive. Would like to see more of the games available for android. Hot doggeria, maybe. Awesome This is a good game but freezes at times improve that and its an awesome game..:-) awesome Doesn't work wtf I love this game, defintly  worth $1.10 Love I love this games I play em at school in the computer when I have noting to do in 8 and 6 pd I love all the games if possible can you make all the other ones as well if you do that would be great especially the hot dog one thanks Very repetitive. If you were working towards something it would be fun. It takes forever to unlock everything and its all the same anyway. sents my laptop broke down I can play this THIS IS GREAT        One promblm I had the ice cream cups were diserpiring and I couled mix them :( please update that bug . :) keep on empoving the game The best love it. Everyone sayt Love it Awesome love these games xx Mean az game So cool and amazing Always loved the flipline games of buisness sims. Another fun one i can play on phone now Excellent Great I just purchased this game and it will not let me get past the first level please fix or refund my purchase thank you I know this is a great game because I have played it on my computer but it doesn't work on my tablet. I have tried the hd version too and that doesn't work either. It just has a black screen. Please fix this. this game is really fun ((: keep up the good work and make sure you made more papa's game into an app ((("; I love playing this on the computer, but you can buy a lot less stuff on the app. CREATORS PLEASE MAKE MORE STUFF!!!!. Other than that,it rocks!    PS make more papa's apps Wikid fun Awesome game Its fun cool and I just love it!! Easy to pass time but suh a battery killer, oh well, and only a dollar was worth it I bought this game and can't even download it! GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! This is app is really fun but all my money is building up it would be better if we could buy clothes to change it like on the computer and all the games should be made into apps Good So funnn It's fun but there needs to be more upgrades. My tips and weekly pay are accumulating and i have nothing left to buy. Gets really boring at this point even tho I don't have all the customers yet Cool I'm ecstatic that these games are finally making it to mobile. The game plays smoothly on my phone, und just as addicting. Love it I love this game I would rate it 5 stars but the bottom of my screen always go out so I have to play around it which makes the game even harder. #Please fix My fav game on the market :) Amazing and fun It is very addictive nd i cant stop playing itt Lol I luv it because its so fun why cant they put all the papas games luv all of them!  No regrets! Best game I loved this game on computer and played it all the time so when I saw this app I had to have it so I bought it and I got to about rank 10 and it completely stopped and it would freeze up every time I went to use it again, and I can't get a refund for my purchase, very upset... I can't give it a 5 cause it always freezes at the begining Just as good as the one for the computer, I could play this all day without getting bored.   The menu and in game is always buggy, everything blinks and the game is not that playable. I give 4 stars because I know is not the app, but my phone(HTC evo) might not be compatible. My friends and I always play this game(even though we're in high school)! Lol. I was so happy when one of my friends told me u could dwnld it!!  Its awsome One of the best game, Love it!!! LOOOOOVEEEE THIS GAME! Fun game. Played it one time on a friends phone and was hooked for hours. I just think there should be a free version, not that it's not worth the dollar I paid but still a free one wouldn't be out of the question Best game ever The third best game on the world Fun very good  Cool, but wird milkshakes. Very fun and worth .99 cents Please please fix!!! Love the game but it sucks when ur doing so good then it freezes the phone and you have to da a battery pull. You can downlowed Awesomeness Its really good I luv this game No problems, also, I LOVED this game as a kid, what a joy to bring it back:) You should make other papa games as apps!! This game is so fun. I remember u use to play it online before but now it have on android cool :)) I wish all of them available on app store though :) it very worth the money I recommend it.  I am in love with this game! No running issues, no bugs, nothing!  I used to play on the flipline website all the time and  this game was always my favorite. Now that it's on my phone I can't stop playing it! Has been a giant time killer the last two days as I have been sick. Way to go guys! I like this game  I love this game!!!!!!#1game in the world!!!!!!!!!!! Ese      J I remember that when I was 5 I used to luv playing papa's games e.g pizzeria, freezeria, taco mia and burgeria! Happy theres a game bout them now!  This is the most popular game on the internet omg. This game is the best   I love the papa's games. This is awesome. As always. It's the best game i played in high school I have Freezeria HD and played it online, this is actually better. There is more toppings and finally more types of whipped cream Amazing  when i was little i played this game and i liked More!! All of them need to be made into app games. :-) Good game love it First when I downloaded the burgeria to go, I got very few perfect.But when the freezeria to go launched, I asked my father to buy this game.I got many perfect. Ygoog??  Epic!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Is great must have fun !! hope the bring the other papa games iTS ADDICTING Play this all the time on  cool math Really fun  Fun and entertaining! Very addictive!  I played it once, now it won't let me. I load up the game, but it won't let me press anything on the first screen. I've tried everything I can think of, including uninstalling and reinstalling...twice! So disappointed. Love this game so much I play this game on the computer all the time! Takes longer then I thought it would but accept for that great game!! It's so fun I cant stop playing it awsome I love this game so much I love this game they should do cupcakeria   Everything works fine and will keep me entertained for a while you just need to improve image quality as on my z ultra some of it is blurry  Gona try it out Im glad they added this game my lil cuzin always ask do I have this game on my phone she loves it!!!!!! I remember when I was little I used to always go on my computer and play this  game now I can download it this is awesome Awesome! I love it. It's very cute and fun. I love this game even though I have unlocked everything I still enjoy it I love making hotdogs it feels like its real hotdogs Good 10 stars It is so fun Very fun SOOOOO GOOOOOOD Cause it not giving my money back i absolutely love this game, i was playing it yesterday and it was working great, but today it won't open & i've restarted my device twice already. please help My childhood game! Im happy to download this one Iove it Amazing, extremely awesome and I thought while playing this: I wanna be a chef when I grow up because of this awesome game! Thanks for making it!! Addicted to this game.Really fun as well.Please let us try the clothes in the shop to see if we actually like how an outfit looks.Aside from the cooking,the c lothes and decor is really fun to do. Pz is not going to be in prison for 24 hours Baseball and hockey I love it!But I didn't like the chacarters.Its so.. fun!But its a little bit bored.Thats why I rate this. I CANT DOWNLOAD IT!! A good hot dog game me it's a very good game so 5 star definatally encouraging for small people to learn how to cook. great game! WHAT THE this is amazing! this is my favorite one!! 😘 I LOVE IT! best one ever. nice job. there was some glitches THANK YOU!!!!! good game I'm gonna say I first saw this on FGTEEV I love this app you need to upgrade your games I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVEEE IT Really love the different holidays and the specials menu, doesn'tfeel like you're playing with no point to the game. 5/5 Like it but should cost no money^_^❤️👍 BEST GAME EVER ITS OK like it Fan of all of Papas games Awesome! 5/5 :) 👍😊 I think it's fun, except, the clothing kept changing holidays, but this is definitely a 5. EAT THOSE HOT DOGGYS I like this cause it has 2 new customers and I unlocked every customer I like the game except that why are there to go and HD. It's just a waste of money. So I'm only getting one of the papas game. I think it is awesome!!!!!! But the only thing can you make pancake for free pls 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😍😍😍😍 I like the game except if you go to buy extra tips in the shop,it has an error saying there is a problem purchasing this item,please fix this. I play all of there food games can't wait for the pasta one and donut one and the cheeseria to come out! It's very fun There's some glitches but the game is still good so I gave it a 4. I like papas hot doggeria hd because it's fun and im also giving papas hot doggeria to go 5 out of 5 so yes it's fun even both versions I like papas hot doggeria hd because it's fun and I'm also giving papas hot doggeria to go 5 out of 5 so yes it's fun even both versions Brilliant game Very fun game Really good I used to be addicted to this game,its why i purchased it. But i stopped playing and now i wanna play again but it started at lvl 1 again. How do i get my old account back? (I am using the same google account) If your phone screen shuts off, it will crash your game. I love this game it's very fun!!!!!!!! i love all of the papa game I Really enjoy games made by flipline including this one and it makes me very happy to see that flipline is making them on mobile so that we can still play them after flash dies Game is crashing out of nowhere. Can you please fix this bug. Thank you and God bless! It gooood so fun Ettrfgt and I are the Remember y yg I love it I agree this game needs some update the music is old he needs more classic to the music well we can pick the music that we want to change it to Nice worth it I wish you could customize your character it makes the game Less fun knowing I can't make my avatar look decent I wish it was like the one you play on a computer This is basically the same as Papa's Taco Mia, but it's still fun occasionally and overall a good port. I love the game. I wish for update for quality and sound. I love this app, because I am a hot dog maker, and that's really awesome! BEST GAME EVER I really love the game, I just wish it got an update, because the sounds and quality are kinda old now. The game itself is great though Best papa game hands-down. And the improvements they made added so much more to it! Thanks so much flipline for basically making the best papa game even better. This game is a classic and worth the money, I just wish I could customize and name my character like on the computer version but still a really great game Fun game, some upgraded textures and google play games integration would be a welcome addition. Boring Is great Cool thanks It's good CANNOT MAKE YOUR OWN CHARACTER! Just so everyone knows. Its awsome It a good game to play and I like hot dogs Its so worth the 1.99 i love this game i been playing this game on the computer since i was a kid its great to be able to play it on my phone now I love the papas games and I would love if you guys put jacksmith on mobile that would be awesome Simple and easy to play, thus, justifies its purpose as a game -FUN. Update needed. This would be one of my favorite games if it was updated like the pancake game or the wing one. I barely like the graphics in the game it's so blurry and pixely but other then that it's fine but please try to fix it Really great time passer, gets me hungry tho Love the whole series. I want more. I love this game it's so awesome Awesome cooking game where it actually goes beyond tapping on the screen a bunch to "cook." The UX feels unusual at first but it works very well and I am impressed at the creativity for making so many functions fit on a small screen. This is definitely worth paying for considering you never get interrupted by annoying ads, and in game purchases are 100% optional unlike some games where you just can't progress without $5 every day. For a buck or two with this app, you can have hours of fun. I love this game I love acting like a chef my only issue is even when you get a cooking booster it still takes ages to cook. I had mixed feelings but I decided to give them a five because the positive beat the critisism LOVE IT!!! IT DELETED ITSELF LOSING MY LEVEL 120 AND ALL MY BADGES AND EVERYTHING!!!!! E&J I loveyour game but why do we have to pay I like this game because it was fun I ♥️🌭 The game is good but then I can't refund the app??? There's no custom character like in the online version THATS FREE dum Fantastic! I love how it does so much to celebrate baseball in its theme. It is hard at first, but with some attention to detail, you learn how to make everything. As a port, it translates the important parts very well and the core gameplay is intact.There is very little lost. I like this little bit what is sucks you cannot create your own porson. What is still a good game. Love it I like coken hot dogs A friend installed this game by accident ,please refund my money Very fun game One of my fave games! Good Wow great game for lg zone 3! The only problem is that I have a galexy epic 4g and it crashes constantly so plese fix on older devices Cameo is on Halloween in a costume in cheeseria to go! Isn't this exiting? I like all of papa louie's' games including pc versions...likely i played all day...but when are there more papa louie's games available in android? This game is amazing! Its fun to play and you don't even need wifi to play it! Although it would be really cool if you could customise your character like on the pc version! I used to play this on PC. But now, it's on tablet or mobile phone. Love the update, and it includes the holidays and recipes. I love the papa louie games. I'm looking forward for papa's cheeseria to go. Thank you, guys so much. This game is so addicting. WARNING!! YOU'LL STAY UP LATE AT NIGHT!! it was so untouchable, like it didnt even have a sensor? it might be because im playing on a laptop, but still i was so frusturated i rated it a one star. And again it might be because im playing on a laptop so dont come at me..... (my laptop is touchable) Great No sans costs money is free on coolmathgames smh Great game i love it, but the graphics could be a lot better Love this game ever since i was younger This game is my favorite game on my phone. It is very fun and helps pass time. I recommend this game to everyone. I love this game! really good games good fun not bad boring its a good game but i want to know why all the games are money my mom never buys me any thing but only cheap stuff that like 99 cents or like 75 cents but its still a good game Good job on this game! great Love all papa games! Amazing it was a.bad game overall pfft I love the game but I wish you made your games free or cheaper also you should make papas cheeseria to go It's a good family game but the app needs a way to restore previous profiles if you change devices. COOL MATH GAMES IS SHUTTING DOWN I like it I LOVE IT! Would give 5* BUT..... Once upon a time you could play these games while on a call WITHOUT losing sound. As any Papa Louie player knows, sound is important in this game. I spend a lot of time on my phone, and if I'm paying for a game, I should be able to play it WITH SOUND on a call. Fix for 5*. Amazing I wish u could customize your character I think they should bring papa's Sushiria!! i wosh you can unlock clothes i like this game 👌 Its da best doesn't want to download i do not know what the problem getting upset everytime papa's freezeria all is the best 😘😘😘 Fun Game! My 6 yo son wanted this game after seeing a kid on YouTube play. With the Google family library I also put it on my phone, now I play more than he does! I would of given it 5 stars but I think they need to add more opportunities for Foodini 's Games. It would be a better game. But highlights are that you don't need Internet which is great! iloveit great game ty hi make a papa's donut to go and HD one of the best games ever but when will papa's cheeseria or papa's donuteria come to mobile really good 👍 My favorite of the Papa's games. Easy to play and relaxing, yet somewhat challenging. A fun way to pass time. More options needed! 1 trishna. 2 yippy PAPA'S HOTDOGGERIA YOU SUCK!!!!!😡😡😡😡😡😡 Awesome Loved it sooooooooooooooooooooo much ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️: ) The first one I played was the "Wingeria" when it just started from PC, it was great I got hooked. Then other games got released and it was just ok. This one though is like the "Wingeria" except there's soda fountain!!! ( I think there's one more... It's called Pastaria? Another one of my faves...) I got really excited. I'm glad android have this now. I just can't put it down. WHAT WHERE THEY THINKING??!! Love all Papa games. Just waiting for the sushiria here. Truly awesome I got free money so i bought this game It's a cool game Fun and addicting. It's fun This is a game from my childhood! Get all of them! The price is more than worth it. I love papa Louis games I need to refund my games for things All perfect just, really is this in 480p? Add at least 720p.... Can I please have a way to sell my extra lobby decor for money back, I don't like having more than one one each item. I love the game, no adds, no lagging, I only wish that I could customize my character like I did in the PC version Love it It's the best game ever I love these games! Pretty much the best game ever Honestly it's really easy, even if you screw something up, it'll only dock  you 1-2% Amazing Hate Will not let me download or install after purchasing I love this game but I would like for there to be a way to turn off just  the music other than that it's great. Good. Time killer. Every papa louie is a good game for me. yet blurry. 👍 Loved it I liked it its just there is a glitch where the Hot dog/Other are cover ing  2 of the grills can u try to fix that thx that would be great!!!! Great game👍! Next one should be Papa's Pancakeria To Go👍👍. Love it Really fun! But the only thing that I would say is not the best is that you  can't customize your avatar,but it's still great fun! Bla bla bla I love this game It should be a dollar I love it !!!😍😍 My favorite of the Flipline series. Papa's Hot Doggeris it's ok because the design is weird and the costomers judge you that's not fair 🙅😾😾🙅 I love flipline :D I love this app. It has easy features and it has bigger buttons especially designed for phones I like this game a lot. It's really good, it has most of the features from the Desktop versions. My only gripe is that the graphics are a little blurry, but I think that's because my phone's really big... I love it Love it!!!!!💙💙💙💙💙💗💗💗💗💖💖💖💖 I love love love it I've bought every papa's game; and for the cheap $ it is such a great game. I will always support these awesome developers. And if you don't want to pay? Play them online for free on your pc :) This game is fun but I'd like more things to do its just not much for me This game is awesome u should record it This Game is ☆☆☆☆☆ it was okay I love the diffrent costumers it's addicting I play it 24/7  amazing but it's not Cinco de mayo (5th of may) 0_0 Great Best Papa's To Go app so far. Nice introduction of holidays that keeps the game interesting. Easy to learn and use the controls. Lots of unique decorations for each holiday to use in your game to get into the holiday feel. Graphics are great and the gameplay is smooth and fun. I love the game keep it up Its awesome its like the computer game This game is lol and cool Nice Hotdogeria The games really fun but i cant see the hot dog timer Awesome Neat game my 7yr old loves this game keep making fun games good job guys It's really easy, like it was meant for a 3 year old as an introduction to the Gameria series :/ It is awesome I think this game has great graphics and great gameplay would buy again. Perfect in every way In my opinion this is the best papa's game because it is very relaxing and very entertaining! I don't know why this doesn't have more downloads! It should have 50k-100k downloads! A bit sad there's not much customization compared to the HD versions. Wish I could buy a whole new device and the games again but that's just not possible. Best mobile Flipline game ever! Smooth controls, fun to play, and has almost all the features from the browser games. A+! Love It! I also like papas hot doggeria to go because it's also fun along with hd and also on the pop station the soda machine has bubbles and pop corn has snack machine so yeah i would recommend both versions between to go and hd Love the Papa games,very addictive. Love the series i bought the game at midnight exactly looking forward to the next one It's a fun game to play for anybody who likes cooking games. My only problem in this game is that when you put the pancake in the center of the plate it moves to the side of the plate that is very annoying. Still a fun game to play. This was the first Papa game I ever got. If I play this once, I will be addicted to it for HOURS! This is about I for now, but I love choosing my own pet! Enjoying it but I wished I could still play it on my computer. Epic. Love this game! ✌ LOVE this games Super fun I asked my mother to pay for the game and if I could give it 100 stars I totally would. Love the new pets that u can create. I've only gotten through half of the game but I love it. And I even created my cat that recently died but his name is Furball and he is on the game so I don't have to miss him. Thank you filpline studios for creating such an amazing game to pass the Corona Virus 👏💗💙💕💓 i cant even get into the game on my computer, what the heck. please try to fix this i really want to play and enjoy this game This game amazing, I got to day 96 on my old tablet, but lost it:( I love this app! It feels like the original with all the same setup. Very fun.😊😊😊😊 I love that I can make my own pet in this game as well as a character. I also LOVE the price. A great price for an AWESOME game!! very good but also ADICTIVE. I love how you have turnded thes games into an app love all your games but can you plz turn chezaria into an app. I paid for this game already it keep saying for papa's pancakeria Fun game This game is so fun! The only problem I have come across is that I wish there was a way to sell objects, clothes, and wallpapers/flooring that you have to much of or just don't want. I have so many duplicates of certain objects that I really wish I could sell! I also wish there was a way to decline or accept things that you win in minigames. (Sometimes the minigame prizes are duplicates) Besides that, this game is awesome and I would recommend it to anyone! it was sooooo good This should be a free game. It's just ok and I grew bored in 30 minutes. Will uninstall love it make more like it pls💘💓💖 This is amazing A very good game! But it gets boring after a bit unfortunatly. But in the next Papa's game add more ingredients to start with and unlock. If it aint this it's Papa's Pizzeria! I LOVE BREAKFAST LIKE THIS PANCAKES AND WAFFLES AND FRENCH TOAST AND COFFEE IN THE MORNING OR CHRISTMAS MORNING It's good in a way but it gets boring Fun that's wut I got just fun Love it NO THIS IS PATRICK Please add Bakeria to the play store it's my favorite of the Papas games As much as I love the game, I don't love the fact that it kicks me out when I'm at my 5th customer or in the middle of decorating my pancakes. Its very frustrating and needs to be fixed but otherwise it's a good game. Game is almost perfect but each time I play five minutes after I opened the app it said papas pancakeria HD has stopped please fix it :-) Love it Madden 81 Usually love this game, but I just paid for coins and the money was taken from my account but the game force closed and my purchased coins aren't there 😕 I  can't download it it fun I really like it and I've had it for quite a long time now,I have decided that is really good, just get it seriously it's really good to play and it's really funny I love the controls and it's really good to play in the car or when you're travelling somewhere like on a plane or something like that, I've played it after school And  When I've only got a little bit  time to spare I absolutely love this game. It is so addicting and you can customize your own people Love it This game is way too easy, lol to the Shadowberry derps!😂 Very good game but mine keeps crashing randomly midlevel I love this app the only way to make it better is to make another app about make donuts Some improvement is needed in the "mini" game part.  Specifically speaking,  it lacks variety. The games are very repetitive.  The same games in almost all the papa games series.  There was this one mini game i played after the very first day which was so different and amazing but it  hasnt turned up since then and I'm like on day 65. Other than that the game is excellent and i can't wait for the papa's bakeria game to come in the playstore 10/10 and obviously recommended to Papa's games lovers! I love to play these games fun and simple Overall good game but I think with a few minor tweaks it can be a great game. An additional note, I have played the game a few hours and have not yet completed it. I may update this rating at a later date when I have finished or progressed in the game.  First, the positives:  Great graphics. Very high quality viewing experience.  No lag. So far, the game has not slowed down my tablet or even heated my tablet up excessively.  There is enough variety that it has yet to become boring or repetitive.  It increases in difficulty as you play. Not excessively but slowly it builds up.  Great to play on the go without Internet access.  Nothing other than the game itself requires payment. You can earn enough money to pay for furniture, upgrades and clothing simply by playing the game.  The theme of the clothing is based on the color not on the style which I think adds more variety.  The character and clothing is very customizable.   Second, the negatives: (I think these are reasonably fixable and would really improve the game)  Pets... they seem like an afterthought. I get the feeling that they were added simply to promote the game and draw in a certain crowd. They have really no special interactions. They simply stand there.. what are they there for. You pick their color and their name and then nothing. You never interact with them again. Personally  I think just removing them would be the best thing because currently they are a disappointment. Or to make them more entertaining add customization or special interactions when they are clicked on. But I don't want the focus of the game to shift to the pets. Just do something with them.  The waiter/waitress... was that character added just so that you had another character to customize?  They literally just take orders and walk them to you like a normal customer.. but they only take one order. The animation shows them taking an order from a table for two so wouldn't it be logical that they bring back two orders. This would add some difficulty and make more sense. Maybe you re able to see the dining area and would have to check that area as well for customers and send the waiter back there. I think two orders from the waiter when they come up to the till would be better, extend the time at the table so they can get both orders and force players to take into account the longer time it takes to get the order.  You can recolor the clothing but you can't recolor the furniture. I think you should add more simple furniture without a set theme that can be recolored to match the theme just like the clothing. Keep the already themed furniture.. it doesn't even need to have a color changing option.  That's all for now. Hopefully the game developer will read this and consider my suggested changes. Good game. I've played this game's franchise on the computer and I'm excited to play this anywhere Freezing and cutting out the game with out saving I am glad you fixed the thing I hated : The assets. They used to have me reset the entire day and ALL of important things I did... Oh well.. I am already on the second Christmas ; Second day. Well, Thanks anyway. Papa Louie at his best! EPIC.....PLEASE MAKE A BAKERIA AND A CHEESERIA FOR MOBILE Another addicting game by Flipline Studios. I'd recommend this to anyone Easily Flipline's best digital work! This game features many of the features that can only be found on the computer (PC) version of this game. This is the most interactive game so far, and this probably has the best graphics as well. This game is worth the three dollars, and fun to play. My only complaint, (which, don't worry, isn't a big one) is some of the graphics (ex: continue button) may be glitched a little bit. But, since the game is new, that can be expected. I expect more great works coming from this fantastic company, and I most definitely recommend this to cooking fans! 👍 I love it!Best papas aria yet! I really like this game like pc It's really really fun and entertaining.🐈 Just wish all the other Papa games were available on Android.  Hint hint. Love the game I'm not getting any special recipes please fix All the papa games are amazing I like the new improvements but  why is the whipped cream suddenly all clumpy and disgusting? It was one of my favourite items in the game cause it was so fluffy and smooth and now its so much less satisfying than before..im disappointed :( Flippin fun cooking game All the papa games are addicting but this is papa louie AT HIS BEST!!! The best cooking game ever Please fix the bugs. There's no special recipes coming on mine. Papa Louie at his best! Deffinetly worth the money and would totally recommend it to everyone. AMAZING I love the game and it has become a great time passer for me. The only issue I am facing, is that the icons for the drink section has disappeared. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it still won't show up. It still pours the drink and sugar/cream out but I keep forgetting which button goes to which since there isn't an icon. Other than that, Its a good game. *Update: It's been a year and the icons are still gone.* super fun! i highly reccomend this game, it's really worth the price, no bugs, and you can play for hours! <33 Its a fun game, but the game frame size was smaller then my screen, example: my tab was.. lets just say 11x9 but the game size is 9×9, so it left a blank underneath it. It's pretty bothering me. And maybe when you're placing the pancake there should be the x mark on the plate, so people know where their pancake is gonna fall on. Other then that, good game. Amava jogar no PC e a versão mobile me deu a mesma sensação nostálgica! Super recomendo. Amazing game. Nothing else. The best game So I can cook and lots more! :) thx for creating this game i think it's perfect! 🥰 Similar to the one on coolmathgames, just a few differences in how the controls work. Other than that it's the exact same and I highly recommend. When it comes to pouring coffee you cant see any of the sizes or milk label. Makes you have a low score due to not being able to see anything buy white dots. Needs to fix. Very good just got today on day 4 but pancakes take awhile to cook though. It's fun to play Classic Papas game. Love doesnt describe this game enough. XOXO I love this game!!! It's so fun and easy!!! Probably better than the PC version. I play this game far too much... Not in my preferences but it's just the same annoying thing it is stressing it is overwhelmingly not funny or anything.I gave 2 stars to support the non-updated for two years game You should add some for topping and syrup chocolate syrup/ caramel syrup / cherry syrup / cherry / peanuts / rainbow sprinkles / chocolate whipped cream / strawberry whipped cream /white chocolate syrup / vanila syrup and this is for default topping and syrup. i hope i will like game forever and delicious taste ever... I will apreaciate this game ever .This game is not bad too Bought this for the nostalgia value and it really delivers! It's a streamlined, efficient service and I get so much pleasure from customising my character and the mini games. I find it clever they replaced in-house dining with deliveries, tho it was very cute seeing the booths. The achievements also add an element of challenge that I really enjoy and which broke up potential monotony. I would love to get more! Sucks really bad nothing like the orginal stupid screen for every stupid thing take this game and shove it were the sun don't shine No icons on drinks can't see the drinks to know what I'm making please fix and will give 5 stars I like itttt!! 💕 WHAT DAY IS CONSIDERED DAY 2 FOR THE CLOSERS?????? This game more logic for the preparing the food. And i like it😀 This game is awesome the only problem is you will play for too long I highly recommend this game and it's just really fun it's worth the paying for it I do recommend. Its really fun No drink icons Love the game one of my favorite gamerias. easy, yet addictive. good game but suddenly stopped being able to see what drinks I was pouring and what cup size I selected etc in the drink station (the icons had vanished?) They have Microtransactions It was very laggy. The game was boring and it wouldn't let me throw away the pancake when I messed up. Laptop is better :/ Its epic I love this game but i would loveeeeee if you guys made a barista game! That would be amazing!!!!!!!!! I got a new phone, and I remember playing the HD version so I bought the game! Nice. Its hard for me to make the drinks without icons. Please fix it! I bought this for the nostalgia. They've actually added customizable characters and a delivery feature for this version of the game. It's worth the 2$. Love it. So much fun and challenging. However I wish you guys still had the speed up button that looked like this ⏩ again. It helped so much. Thats all💖😁😁 Would be a really great game if I could see the drinks buttons! I can't see what drink I'm pouring; it has great potential, however. This is my all time favorite papa louie game. It is easy but has a challenge here and there which makes it a very good game. OBV WONDERFUL i love it like all the papa's games! Perfect for everybody I love this games so much but you have to pay it. Good It a good game to play and I like pancakes Love these games and have been playing them even before they became available on mobile phones. But please, make Papa's pastaria available for mobile soon. Eh love it. Great game. It's a great time passer. I love this game. Topping nozzle still gets stuck pouring. Becomes stuck at the end of the day (closer). I love this game. This game was my old game and I like this game so much I previously had four stars for this, but it's getting ridiculous. I really want this to get fixed. When I get to the drinks, the icons are gone. If I can't make the drinks, then I can't finish the order. Therefore, I cannot proceed throughout the game. Fix the drinks or remove them. Otherwise, this 1 star review will remain. I love their games! My progress was lost. I don't know why. Now, I don't feel like playing anymore because I gotta start from the beginning. 😔 An unbelievable amount of worth it this game is - I LOVE IT SO MUCH and that's a good and bad thing, I can't stop playing it! 😟☺️ not worth £1.99 in my opinion It's great I think it's a good and funny entertaining cooking game Fun game Momey west game Is it possible to back up our achievement if we change devices? Ripoff Eat my ass Verry good game Horrible. You can't control very much, and no matter how hard you try, it's nearly impossible to do the toppings correctly. I like the game, but... I have a glitch on the Drink station when it doesn't show the pictures or text! Please fix it! Great game. Only problem is that there are no labels on the buttons in the drinks menu, just white buttons Loveeeeee this too Great. Good fix. Sound is giving me problems Very fun 😁 They make it clear how to play during the first order/instructions Really good, except the drinks upgrade is a scam it costs way too much to only do the liquid part I really like this game and I have not found an issue with it I play the game online pretty frequently, and this is nothing like it. It just isn't the same. Perfect than pc Different but just as good! the sliding for the toppings is quite new to me, but I'm learning. the main game is more difficult to me, but the mini games are easier. I played all the PC games and love them, it would be so cool to see them move to a platform such as Steam since flash is shutting down in June 2020. looking forward to a sushi - to - go game! Super duper game this is The PC controls are kind of hard for me but on tablet or phone; way easier Love playing this game. Brings back all my childhood memories of the first papa games. Definitely will be purchasing more games in future ❤ I like this app but it doesn't have the same features as the computer and I hope that I can get a refund I like it a little bit but it sucks you cannot create your own porson. But the one thing I like about it you can pick a dog or cat. And name it. I love how this game has themes! So much funner than the computer ones. Will deff be buying more. This is my favourite but i cant play as the drink section doesnt have any symbols so i dont know what im clicking Good Amazing, addicting game lol I love all of the Papa's games and I especially favor this one. The To Go! Editions are really cool. You can play anywhere 😁. Thank you so much ❤️😊 I totally recommend this!!! Worth the money 👌👍😁 Oooooooo PAPA'S PANCAKERIA OMG Love this game. Finally got it on my phone. I used to only be able to play it on the computer and have to go to cool math. Now I can play it anywhere anytime. Love One of the better Papa games with lots of customizing. Amazing I really love the game, but on my older device's like LG stylo 3 or Samsung, when I do syrup's or whipped( anything that isn't toppings you drop) it starts to lag. When it stops it goes back to normal. Now, when on newer devices like my LG stylo 4 it is fine the only problem when playing the game so long for some reason it gets jittery. I hope that can find some way to fix it. Thank you sincerely If you at some point read this. This is a real OG game I love this game it's real OG but I cannot find burgeria HDlove the game used to play it all the time as a real little kid 5 Stars it's more the best games in my childhood SO RELAXING. Nice game but maybe you should give players to try it before they spend money i love this game very much! sadly, we can't transfer our saved data once we change to another device. it'll be great if a 'connect to google acc' exist. :( after starting a new save the game doesn't freeze anyone very cool they olso upgrade it has delivery 😅 I love all Papa games, but this one has been a disappointment. if I'm in the middle of building an order and switch to the lobby or grill, I go back and it's all stuck on the building process and I can't access any toppings, all I can do is scrap the pancake or french toast thata on the plate and start over. I love the papa games but, like most of the other reviews, this game freezes when you go to switch between the pancakes and the toppings. refunded. I hope they fix this in the future, I was liking it better than the pc. 3 stacks of pancakes make me watch robin hood! Restore purchases needed listen. I love the flipline franchises and support it all too. but when i bought the 200 tips for 0.99 cent option on my last device and got a new one, i redownloaded this and i couldnt get the 200 tips back to start with. Just a recommendation considering that i also had to restart all the way from Bloomfest to the start again. but great game though. Fun game! Brings me back to my childhood memories! Would recommend. The only thing which is annoying is that you cannot save your progress on multiple devices. I lost all my progress as I switched phones. It'd be nice if the game logs into Facebook or Google play to save your progress! i honestly don't like this game I love it!!! game ever best graphics not like the computer version though but way better I recommend this game to papas fans worth the money I can't stop playing download this game and flipline studios keep up the amazing work😁😁👍👍 great, always went back for more SO RELAXING love it if i can give negetive star i will put -100 star...when i want to put a topping it never stop..please improve love it booty hole game is great but it keeps on freezing in the build station similar to the previous reviews of this game. hope the app devs fix it asap so I can change it to 5* Kinda glitchy, I went to switch back from plating the pancakes to the toppings and it froze up and I couldn't switch back. Also it's really easy to accidentally click a topping you don't need. Great The best game of all time some BUG still occur best played on anything but mobile. Too hard Good game. Sometimes a little rusty. NO FREE SAMPLES! Pancakes will dissappear love it Fun to play Would give 5* BUT..... Once upon a time you could play these games while on a call WITHOUT losing sound. As any Papa Louie player knows, sound is important in this game. I spend a lot of time on my phone, and if I'm paying for a game, I should be able to play it WITH SOUND on a call. Fix for 5*. good but is thrustrating What the heck? I enjoyed this on pc and thought I'd give the app a try since I love playing while in bed... But come on! This thing freezes more than my refrigerator! Rename this one to Freezeria😑 Waste of my money! this is one of the best papa's games you should try this app I love it please try it. Bad. I try to put toppings on the pancakes and it doesnt work. things in the game stop working.. the place where the cooked stuff and condiments are just disappears. love this game, used to play it on the PC. please create the susheria one for mobile is super fun THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES IN THE WORLD!!!!! Flipline studios did a amazing job on all of the papa games!!!!!!!!!!!! and of course thank you!!🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩 Love these games. Pancake and taco are my fav on pc. <3 Love this game too. But wish there were more gamerias. The good old time waster back in highschool, I was happy to find this flash classic while browsing the store on a bored night. now I had collected half of the stickers and might just buy another one of these games Loved this game on PC, and now I can enjoy it on phone too! fun App keeps freezing. I always need to close and re open it several times for it to continue working. The hard person should not be hard. I really love to play these online. it's free, they're fun, but the apps ruin it. you cant do everything like in the original games, which I'll mention again are FREE. here, you have to pay for a less eventful or fun experience. just go play it on the computer on any free game website and save yourself $2. Great game fun app to play it was very good i like the updates to this game it plays a lot smoother than it did on the pc. the game is really addictive and one of my all time favourites. it was definitely worth the $2. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes to play games that highly involve strategic gameplay and multitasking in a chef based environment and while playing you'll feel like 5 minutes went by ,but an hour went by in reality. I love this game and I feel like love and hard work went into this game and I hope flipline will know that it was a good decision to invent the series in the first place. Hope that flipline will see this and to them thanks Definitely my 2nd favourite of your games! So fun and keeps me occupied during work breaks. Please make more games! love it!!! I love this new game GREAT JOB! I love this game cant even put any stuff on the pancake it would get stuck the whole thing needs a good Update Simwman vt Another great Papa's game. I really like all of these games. i love these games, I own almost all of them I enjoy this quite a lot, it is refined and looks very nice. It is a much better way to play than the very old website version. In this version it has more ingredients, customers, and features. Also character customization which came later in the Papa franchise. I can't wait to see how they re-make Papa's Wingeria for To Go! Will probably be the same experience as this one i like it a lot and i think there should be a coffe shop game next or make the sushi computer game into an app trying for the first time. Would be better if it didn't freeze during the build screen, won't unfreeze unless u close out the app and restart the level over. I love this game it's so much fun to play very addicting Amazing, as always. PLEASE OH PLEASE OH PLEASE re-release the Wingeria version!! It's my favorite, and I haven't been able to find it for years! Obsessed! I play at least 2 or 3 game days per day everyday. Great workout for my brain As i read it from the comments, then this is not a nee problem. So i bought the game today, and making it into day 2 trying to decoratd my first order, it froze after trying to switch between pancakes and decorations. Everything else was still functional. Pretty sad to see it hasn't been fixed as an earlier post abouf it is made more than 2 weeks earlier than mine, specially, since it is a game we pay for. It is okay but I think the buttons for the parade and every thing is to complicate I love this game and pancakes There's not enough ingredients. The game was very rushed. I really happy with how this game came out. Its alot better then the scoops game and fixed the things scoops did poorly on and this was my favorite flash game on the computer. the game was too rushed The game is good but I'm wondering where are the rest of the specials I have gotten 9 so far and got 5 stars on all the specials please add the rest Game crashes during the tutorial multiple times after multiple tries. This is ridiculous and I want my money back. So disappointing. Fun as always but there is sort of serious glitch with the build station where it will sometimes freeze and the only way to unfreeze it is to start the level over. You're still able to go to other stations and open the menu, but the build station just stops responding so it must be a game glitch. May want to fix that. Y U NO SUPPORT REFUND I wished Flipline Studios didn't rush the making of this game, it has 3 specials, less ingredients, and it doesnt even have good holidays. I was thinking that this would have the same experience as the HD version, but no. This disappointed me so bad :< I have been waiting for this game for food all the time thank you so much I like this game because Its really useful along with HD version Ok its good you guys need to have an option to turn OFF those little notifications that pop up. i know how to play your games and i don't need those pop ups! I really REALLY wish I could play this on my laptop again. It's the same game, yes, but it takes up too much space on my phone and the controls are weird. If they made their games compatible with windows 10 again, without flash of course, I would be so happy Best ever. Its ok I want a refund I really love the game! It's very addictive and fun to play. But theres a problem, sometimes it lags. Which wasn't really a problem for me at first, but it starts to get annyoing. Usually it stated to lag when i was powdering the cheeses stuffs, when i was powdering the cheese it didn't really follow my finger movement so it just goes straight. It also happens when i was shaking my pasta, when the lag happens, my pasta keeps falling out, even though i was shaking it gently. Please fix it. Allan is a great customer 👌👌👌 😍 Goog Best gams ever if i can gove 1000 star i would.. and can you add a cakeria The game is great and a lot of fun!!! I played this game online on my laptop and the controls are soooo much easier there! Just click, drag, drop, that's it. I really expected this game to have similar controls but now I regret spending 2 euros on it. Wouldn't it make more sense if you could just drag the sauce and seasoning along the plate and tap where the toppings should be? I mean, this isn't a TOUCHscreen for nothing. This is a top quallity game, also a time killer BEST GAME EVER I really love this game but im still experiencing some lagging in the game but other than that its great It's a really fun game to pass the time, and it gets more "challenging" with every level instead of staying super easy for most the game. One of the best papas games, I would recommend it easily. Adding sauce feels very natural, and playing for too long makes me want spaghetti :) Love all Papa games, this doesn't disappoint ❤ Life changing made me like spaghetti Gud now i cant A lil bit different from the pc version but def not a problem, kinda make the game easier! But it kinda glitching on my old phone fdhdksh i will review again if it's good YES ITS OUT! Super easy to get 100s all across the bored. Love this game Currently I Bought every Single Game from Flipline Studios, 14 Total, so far. These are PERFECT, Fun & Challenging. Some People are complaining that this Game as well as the Others, that the Tutorial is too Difficult to Complete .. all I have to say is this, If you can't Complete these Tutorials, while a 8 Year Old easily can, You have no Business Playing these Types of Games. DO NOT, Give this or ANY other Flipline Game, a LOW Rating Because You can't get Past or Understand the Tutorial, it is not the Games Fault, it's Yours, Practice makes Perfect! Others have also Commented that at Times, these Games do not Work Correctly etc., again, these Games are made VERY well, DO NOT Blame Flipline, Check your Device for issues, Most likely the Problem lies within it. People, WE all PLAY these Types of Games, Just because, You can't Grasp the Premise of the Game or Find it, too Difficult, DON'T Place Blame on the Developer. These Types of Games, Require, at Times, Practice to Learn the Steps, in Order to get the Most FUN! Out of what is Presented, Giving up, Shouldn't Result in a BAD REVIEW for Flipline. Keep them Coming Flipline & I will Continue to BUY & Add to MY Collection & a GREAT Job to ALL Involved. Thanks :) Honestly I wasn't expecting it to be THAT PERFECT! Download this game now if you want to have a great time while you play! Good game I love all the papa's games! I purchased and own every single one. The first game I ever played was Papa's Burgeria on the blackberry playbook back in 2012 and have been hooked ever since 😍❣ The game is awesome! The stations are cool, Okalani is cool (I only unlocked her cuz I'm on rank 14!) Just... No words... Amazing... (This is my first normal comment unlike the one I did on Papa's Sushiria To Go) It's a very good game I like it my mom plays it lot Not very intuitive. Tutorial was hard to complete but finally. Game is even harder, taking an order is easy, but completing the recipe was impossible. I never did succeed. It never tells after that what you're doing right or wrong, you have to wrestle with it. Complete waste of play points. If it gets easier I will give it a better rating, but it truly sucks, so I'm not holding my breath. Great game I have been waiting a long time for this one i love it !!!!🐰 Finally... Gondola 500 is back. This is enough to warrant a 5 star review Love the game. Can't wait to see which other restaurants will come out in the future Love it I like pasta Love it i have all the Flipline studio games Love this game! You cook the pasta, stir it, sauce it, and put some bread in the oven! Very simple games! Very addicting! I love how they reused the build station from Pancakeria To Go and it feels so great! I definitely recommend. buying this game for the price! Wtiteriu dd's so of new you oo5euoheuj hff dr and doris and the other one of July who is coming but Is sooooo good What happened with the game icon? It was released early? Love it great game I love this game, I just have to figure out how to master putting the toppings on the pizza for a score of 100. A good game.I have had a great deal of fun with this one. Fun game but the cutting part is difficult sometimes but other than that it's a fun game and I like playing it The game is really fun to play whenever your bored! If you like cooking and things like that you'll really enjoy this! It's very easy to learn and is really enjoyable. Cutting the pizza is off the mark a LOT!!!! I'll cut it straight down the middle and it goes WAY OFF to the left or right. The customers are always unhappy because of this. Also they get inpatient way too fast. I can't make the pizza cook any faster. This is such an annoying game. Delivery driver! And you can create one & you'll get phone orders! Just like a real pizza store! Not even the PC version had this!!🥰 Thisngame is awesome nearly rank 25! Cool Is anyone else having any issues with the sound? Some of the sound effects are really tinny (phone, door bell, higher pitched sounds, etc.) and blow out my speakers no matter how low the volume is. I tried using other apps and watched videos, all of which I never had the same issue, so it isn't my computer. I also uninstalled and reinstalled the game, but to no avail. Other than that though, I love the game. I have been playing Papa Louie's games for years and I'm really happy with the update! Awesome It's super awesome. Life is about pizza with pepperoni bacon olives and ham. It's so addictive The £2.89 is so worth it!!! Go download now and start living this game out on your life! love flipline games! I have fun with this app but it can get boring I think it is good for kids and that you will love it yourself I'm eight years old and I love in please try it. great game! This game is so much fun .You can dress up your character and thier are small games you can play. And makeing pizza is the funest part . I wrote one star for mostly everything because it won't even let me play this game. It hardly shows the title and then it doesn't even load. Please fix this bug. Best pizza sim out there...but to a fault! It does feel like work...but I  don't mind! This was my first HD papa game and I started with my fav! I  have allot of the non HD.. GAMES plan to slowly replace with HD versions!  Hot Dogs are installing now! It's worth what is paid it is very fun compared to other cooking games i definitely recommend it I have played these games on the computer, and I have to say this game is still really fun on the tablet. The controls are really nice, and do well being on the touch screen. Amazing, would recommend to anyone. It is awesome I have got a few glitches in the graphics and I cannot earn some stickers - the customer does not accept a different pizza from their order so I cannot serve them a sticker winning pizza! This is also a problem in the pancake game as well! Is this a glitch? I do love these games but with all the glitches, I lose interest and give up playing them! I love the HD games. Need more!!! SPOILERS: Ninjoy is actully joy in ninja clothes Great remaster i was just confused about colours of holidays but know i know😀 I like papas pizzeria hd because it's a fun game along with delivering orders to the lobby so yes it's a fun game now like today I think it's a really good game to pass the time but it takes up a lot of space I like your cut g Pee pee poo poo This is da best game eva EGG🍝📯 Good Good Game But I don't wanna play pls refund This game is outdated for its time No minigames,no custom worker,no changeable clothes,no holidays,and no santa Cannot play on multiple devices? I bought this game for my son but it will only allow download on my phone not our tablet. Both device signed into my google account :( Wow A fun cooking game that's easy to get good at but very challenging. Bringing childhood back!!! I've always loved these games!! Can't find them online anymore,it's worth the price you pay. A classic, not sure if there should be microtransactions in a paid game but they're completely optional so eh. Optional come in my home The game is mostly the same from the original online edition but this is the best option due to flash being destroyed. Awesome game, its worth buying Its pizza epic It a cool game when u pout ur baby to sleep Love passing time with this one Been playing this game for well over 25 yrs Played this game when i was in school SO ADDICTIVE LOL So oooo cooool Very good game, no ads, but I dont know if its worth like.... REAL money. You know. I want a refund Lets be honest, playing this game in middle school was the best. And when I found out it was on mobile, I had to get it, I say its worth the dollar it costs, and its one of the most entertaining, and fast paced games to keep your mind off your long road trip, or your long day it work. Super fun highly recommend. I do not understand why the only available version of this game is the "To Go!" and the "HD" version is incompatible with my device. Can someone explain that to me please?? Great game nonetheless. Its the same but mobile love it amazing ❤❤ Itss soooo fun! I got it to try it out but i cant refund i want my money back it only says uninstall and open please give 0.99p back its only one pound but its still something Fun I love Pizza. It a good game to play and I like pizza Gr8 BEST PAPA GAME Hi mommy is It boring and a wast money I can't even get a refund OMG 😍 Good game for the quarantine. Just. Add better graphics and gameplay. Disappointed by this game. I request a refund. If I wanted to get a papa Louie game that isn't the best but still fulfills my expectations, I'll go and install Papa's pancakaria to go. Looks like the resolution is downscaled, that's disappointing. Still a fun and good game similar to the flash version i played many years ago. I don't like thus game only good thing is it's boring and that's not a good thing I want my money back pls Meh... No holidays, no dough, sauce and cheese choosing system I want to refund this Fav games ever Have always loved these games This is my childhood game. Love this game, it is so much fun. Definitely my favorite in the series. Amazing Addictingggggg It's so good 😊😊😊 Always love Papa's games Love it Same as Always. It's a good game but gets boring after a while. Also unlike other Papa's games there is no mini games after every round. I love this game! The only thing i have against it is the quality is low. Everyone is in low quality and very 2-D. Thats it. How can I "REFUND" it It's just rubbish too many ads and just slow I'd like a refund. Thanks But you can play it free on any PC or laptop Please add the minigames at the end of each day Just ain't fun and would like a refund Love these games. The levels can get a bit repetitive with the orders and whatnot though. Its so Fun and addicting Aside from the animations, it's a pretty solid remake. Terrible ❤ It This game is fun and addicting Ass It's not really addictive like to have Its really fun! You make pizzas for the customers, and it shows you how good you did. I dont like these things though, 1 is that the animations arent like the computer, computer animations are cool! And number 2 is that I really get mixed up with the orders, maybe you can change the way it works. Anyways its awesome to play!!! Love this game Great game Good game I was thinking of 4.7. Luv it. Its a pizza game Boring Great game totally worth the money. You get rated on the pizza to see how u did I honestly recommend game very addicting affordable for anyone great game for kids just a really great game Great game It's too laggy. I WANT A REFUND Love it Don't work Iwant ay refond I thought this game was good but I just got bored to death sooooo..... -5 stars and give me my money back want refund this game fun to play im a kid my name is zac An old favourite, lots of features have been added since I first downloaded it but ultimately this is your average kitchen based strategy app. Some of the toppings are a bit weird though! love ittt i like tha game it is really good and it makes me want to eat pizza right now but download this game its great and im going to get more games (its on tha Samsung Galaxy tablet) i do I want a refund. Couldn't open the game at all. paid for the game and cant download it but it wont give me my money back. I love the game but I don't want it anymore, could you maybe add a refund button for all of the people who want a refund, Have a good day/night. Sooo Addicting It's better than the PC version. Pls also make JackSmith for Android. UPDATE PLEASE I want holidays and characters on this game so i can play it again. Going from an updated game to this is a bummer. Please fix i really like this game! i want a refund my game is always glitching Cannot open the game! Don't waste your money, buy a better, useful, game RIPOFF WON'T GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK love the game I was first introduced to one of your games Papa's Pizzeria on the computer by my sister this is one of the best games ever but animation needs work and where is the custom characterization cuz I watch every YouTube video and there's a custom characterization on the apps and mine does not so I give a huge shout out to you guys Flipline Studios and hopefully you can fix the bugs on that on your next update see ya it was a good game i just did not like it and chould not get my money back fun love love love papas games. i hope that pastaria, chesseria and sushiria, and bakeria goes for phones. i love those ❤️ In love with the franchise! One downside, after a while it does become sort of boring and dull. But otherwise it is a great game to pass time with! game didn't work . didn't tell me it would work on my device till after it took my money id like a refund, not what i expected I WANT MY MONEY BACK NOW the games good but I want my money back NOW please this is fun but it gets boring noice Top je 100% za instalirati🤩😊 Just as good as I remember but I find it kind of crazy that there is no way to see what customers you have unlocked or view your achievements. 5 stars of those 2 tuings were available. How can I get my refund for this? you need to upgrade your games Papas pizzeria is the best pizza game ever If you like the Papa's games, this game is no different. It's Paula's Pizzeria with a few improvements. Out of all the $1.00 games, however, this one is by far the best. Gets boring sometimes I WANT MY REFUND ASAP.....VERY DISGUSTING GAME same thing over and over nothing changes there is no challeges is to dull.... good graphics but boring game.... id like a refund please!!!! A very good casual game. amazing game for everyone This game is awesome, i love it Great to play when traveling! ITS PAPAS PIZZARIAAAAA This app needs jusus Yes I WANT MY REFUND arghh Hate it it's fun, i wouldn't play it very often but its a nice game. I've always loved papa's food games.. Ther one of a kind in ther own way Let me refund this It's a way how to make a pizza I love everything, but I wish I got all the games of Papa pizzeria there's some more like the cupcake and and. I don't really know the rest, but I want those games. I mean. Love. Pizzeria games. I wish I had all of those games and I love those games. Its a great game Well first I had to waste a dollar then I mostly hate it because the grapic and the slowness on my tablet that is a 7.0 Refund Well kinda sucka just a little bit. Cuz on pc its free to play and also it has character customization but on tablet/phone it doesnt have character customization and the controls little bit hard to control Tis game needs to add create your own character in it Refund please I want scooperia I Love This Game. The Characters are a little scary, but the game is awesome. BEST GAME EVER The first and best game (except When Pizzas Attack) People who say this needs all of the new features of the newer games need  to remember that they are made by only 2 people and they are people and  they don't have all the time to update and develop their games and also  porting every to go game to the new game engine would take ages and this is  a good game SCREW THE CLOSERS Its amazing get it Waste of money game has false. Advertising I love it It is okay and it is fun I don't like this game bc the costumers arnt patient sooo I give it a 1 star This game makes me hungry. I think this game is very fun and apart help you with angles and also you  should put chesseria and winter is and pasta thank and i enjoy this game I love it Best to go game ever Poop Amazing! !! Ok Good Love it It doesn't give me a refun The game is really time taking It's me This game is the best game I ever played when I used to be in middle school  this game challenging and fun recommend it I like the game but can you add a nother person to help l? I think it would  make it easier and open up a world of different possibilities. It is super fun I love it so much I think you could put a lot of new things to make more people want to play  the game Sjdjwjdjsmrjsjrjsidjeoekeosies7dkdksksodorion!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I think this is the best game ever No I love the papa's games, but they're all free on PC. If I'm paying for the app, it does not make sense that there are less features. If I could move stuff around from the store or edit my appearance, this would easily be a five star review. I can't use any of my cutting guides and it took me forever to get enough tips for them. Fix this bug and I will rate 5 stars. Can I please have a refund the game is so boring . I LOVE IT! So many things to make with your hotdogs its so cool! Keep up the good work 😍😘 It is very good but it is quit glitchy LOVE I've been playing these games for years finally got them on my phone love them just wish they had the rest of them for my phone I like it It's the best Awesome Good Nice I <3 this game I really had no problems on PLAYING this game, but it would be the best game if we could make a custom worker. It would be more fun and I kind of missed how I customized everyone. (and the fact that I het to customize a co-worker in the game). Its so hard so dumb This game is lots of fun 10⭐ to this game and to all of the papa's game's Please put seasons in the game like having pepperoni shaped like Halloween pumpkins or having anything in it please😭 I Love this Game I just wish it got harder...and we were able to offer more products Fantastic game! Worth the price! Flipline studios make great fun stuff! this is the best game ever Ij liked it but needs more workers I work at dominos now, this game basically taught me how to do my job when i was a kid lol, Iused to play it on pc but the app works great Fix my stuff i bought this game and bought all the bells and everything for ovens and guests and i go into the game today to find all my stuff is gone and i have to restart Do not get this game it is not fun i is also hard to play This game is so fun!!! But I don't like it when the shop is close because customer was like a stupid!!! Love it I need a refund I want a refund Very simple and addictive game. Played it earlier on a desktop, great to have it on mobile I didnt like it and had to spend money to buy it Very exciting games Went to play and found that  my game has been deleted. I am not happy, after the progress I had made and the $ spent on it... sucks because I was really enjoying it! But I won't play it again now. The flipline website says there are unique special orders you can unlock like the latest Papa's PC games but from what I see so far that's a gimmick. The blog says there are holidays too but I haven't unlocked one yet and I'm on Day 23.  Overall it is kinda fun, but I'm disappointed mostly. Love it fun game to play recommend you install the game This game kinda sucks! It's nothing like the other ones. One of the best cooking games ive ever play seriously u should get it No words can describe it!!!! :-) I just love it. I love this game. 💖 this game. Most of the games are boring but I only play it for the prizes Best regards from me This game is great! It was really laggy on my laptop, but on here, it's fast, smooth, and easy to play! Though I think you should add custom characters and playing through the seasons. The people who say it's laggy and glitchy, they probably have a bad phone OMG I FAWND THE GAME YES I HAVEN'T PLAYD IN SSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOO LONG I bought this before when I was little,I didn't like it so I deleted it and I have my computer that I always played on and it broke,so I bought it on here but I didn't have to pay because I already bought it #score Love it Its a great but after a while its just the same thing over and over I like this version better than the computer version because on this version you now have a girl worker :-) It was boring i cant believe i waste my money on this It was great because it made the original PC game obsolete by adding new everything.  A+ on my book Good games in the world because this game is my favourite game Perfect! Please add holidays, were you have to decorate for certain holidays I like this game and I don't love it because these games are not my type , but if I liked cooking games I would play this nonstop anyways awesome game and keep up the brilliant work. I WANT A REFUND YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU IDOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS It bonner refic Love it It is awesome, besides that there is always issues with the games WiFi. An amazing game i loved it on the pc but cant play it all the time so decided to download it on here, defo worth the money!!! And dnt need wifi to play and amazing graphics !!!!! Incredibly addictive. I played a bit with my son then had to download it on my tablet too! Best Pizzeria Game Ever!!!😃😃 Great didn't expect that it would be fast and no lag in it ^.^ love the graphics too ! And it's such an easy addictive game too. awesome Nice game Loved it. Omg just like the computer version I love it!!!!!!!!! It's stink Pc game is much better than this Can I get a refund? This was a mistake. I was babysitting & this kid bought the game. I would love to get my money back. Just like the pc version Amazing I love it Great. My sister loves it. This is the most wonderful game ever!!!! 😆 Fun time passer that helps with prioritizing and organization skills. I recommend it! 😇 Addicted! Great game! It is an excellent game ever Amazing game. Really fun and great time killer. I wanted to uninstall it but it won't refund my purchase if you let me refund will give 5 stars We should be able to customize our characters Not bad Good These r my favorite games to at. Works great and it is worth the pay. love papa's games 😁 Very cool nice game just one thing missing, progress load to another device. I've up to day 40 or smth like that on my old phone, got new one now and youre saying i will ghave to play from day 1? No way, considering to delete it now... Damn soooooo good refund i clicked refund and it just didnt give me my money Great I love it it is so fun You all should play it. Loved playing the taco version on computer. This is fun too. Can you bring the taco game to Google play please? BEST GAME EVER This game is absolutely astonishing. The people that haven't downloaded it you need to its amazing!! I want my refund!!!!!!!!! I love this game so much More like this It gets boring after a while, and I only played it in one day. I love making pizza 🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕with pappa Pick up and play and really addictive.  Also worth spending the money to buy it so you don't have to put up with a buttload of ads. Can the creaters of this game please make a papa's donutaria It is super time consuming and just super fun Best game ever. So good! Good game Best game ever you need to download it super fun fun fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wish you never invented this game App does not open and needs new updates.....would be better if they could add the feature of mini games like in papa's cupcakeria Want download! I paid for this game,  why it's not downloading?  Download or my money back! Its easy and then it gets hard I also loved this game very much It is sooooooo fun! COOL!!!! B-) Can I have a refund I love this game good graphics ang fun game Da sempre. c: It is cool easy and fun It's a pretty cool game. Awesome game for my kidsthink  and me. Pizzeria is another great game - hours of fun and quite challenging at times too, but please, please can you make all the games available on here! Awesome game Fun! But awesome!! Good , fantastic etc there are many less words in my mouth to tell . When I cook pizza my mouth gets full of water Sucks and accidentally bought it I WANT A REFUND NNNNOOOOWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Great gameplay, great price I want pizza I liked the game but I tried to get a refund but it won't give me back my money! That is the only problem for me. Cool game It won't even let me in to this game It's so addicting!  that's all I seem to be playing this game!  just like the computer version if not better just controlling is different that dosn't matter!  but other than that I love is so much so worth buying!!! Awsome They really need to make an hd version for this one Awesome great good So I thought this app on my tablet and now when I go to his app it says installed so if I download it will I still have to pay???😓😓 The bese ✋💜😍💘💖 I love flipline studios! Back to rank 1 Its like I'm a food network star and I also want every game to have a custom worker option other than that loved it Amazing game, worth 99 cents. GET IT!!!!! I dont think its worth to pay!! I want the hd version I'm playing this on a tablet but still enjoyable :) Love this game This is a very good game and it always makes me want to eat pizza!! But a overall it is a very good game with awesome graphics. Its addictive too!!!!!!!! Does not take wifi I've got all papas games, my favourites the cupcake one and the freezeria one beacause i paid for it but is not worth it if is HD for this app i would rather I want a refund bacj This was an awesome game not boring Nice, but When i uninstalled it. It didnt give me back my money. I love this game However, where is taco and hotdog? Good Would definitely recommend this app. Used to play on computer for free but when computer broke found out that this was an app:-) Won't let me install again Best pizza game ever! :0 My favorite game! 🍕 Its ok You could play this for free online to on cool math games It sucks This game is to big first of all and i can't even play the game I click take order and it logs me out . this is B.S. and don't fix give me my refund. After i bought and play it i dont feel like i love it. So i want a refund. Absolutely LOVE this game :) no errors whatsoever. There should be an update where we can customise our characters with skins, eyes, noses,mouths and hair. Also I need more space in the lobby to decorate with posters  Lottie Good luck to everyone who plays this game Awsome! I will give 5 star if you add custom player! This game is really fun and hopelessly addicting 😄😊🙌🙋 Loved it but make more stages Its ok,because if you play it to much you wont like it anymore.Plus you have to prettie much know hos to cut pizza in half and do fractions,my vrother tried it and ges little and he diddnt really like that part.Soo the gsme is ok,keep up the good work! It don't have any problem good I just wish they had more for 99cents and it is fun I can play it when I want and no laggs I uninstalled it and it didn't give me my money back Great time killer when im bored. Keep up the good work :) ... THE BEST GAME EVER!!! Pizza pass Paid the money...want download to my phone...I have a Galaxy Note 5.   Very disappointed It is cool but I'm a yutuber This game is very fun. If you are the kind of person who likes making pizza games. Then this is the game from you. Even though you have to pay for it. The game is worth every penny. Its only one dollar I bought Papa's Burgeria To Go and it worked perfectly on my tablet. This game is the same. It is awesome, and worth 99¢ LOVE IT Cool game for folks who are more busy body than busy about opening a business Awesome! Fun Fun Fun Not a good enough game to pay for and it wont let me get a refund Its a really good game by the way this message is from a 9 year old!! You should buy it and its so worth the money too !! it has no problems with my tablet and it always works Not boring anymore Fun game for kids I've played  all the Papa Louie  games they're  AMAZING! I love this game so much definitely  recommend  this  to  you  😊😊😊! !!! Good I like to make pizzas All the cooking games they make are excellent but this ones best I think it was good but a bit confusing It does not let me refund it Cool Real good game... Can play this whenever. I don't have lagging problems or anything ever... Love love love Could you make an hd version where we can make a custom character and play through the seasons? I love it but on the freezaria it takes too long to blend the ice cream together I WANT A REFUND Love the graphics, not lagging, and also delecious pizza yum This game is so great, you can sink endless hours into it and never get bored Good time waster. I can't refund it to get something else by flipline studios helllllp me It's very cool playing as Roy but I want to custom my character please. I don't get bored on the game its that lol I can't explain the feeling AAH! OK I know how to say it I feel like if the game needed something else but. It doesn't I dunno its like I feel there is something I need Wait I guess its because I'm used to playing on my laptop but I want tacomia AND TYSM FOR CUPCAKERIA THATS MY MORE FAVORITE THAN TACOMIA lol I forgot what that was called now I remember sorry my laptop broke that is how I found this on mobile! LOVE YOUUUU like omg this game is off the bomb like omg awesome game My granddaughter  loves this game so much.;p ☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺ This is a amazing game I love it so much love you game Ilove this game 5stars hands down they need more papa's games.👌😍 Good when there is no wifi Worth the money Best game ev but god did it take forever to load but other than rhat best game ev Its up tjere with fifa black ops and one of my favs pvz but need more room for furniture and would be cool if u could hire people. U agree? It's a great game. I think it should be free too, and also please make the game free cause I can't buy u guys' game all the time... Cool game on the go. But if I reinstall do I get my money back? Best game ever you get to make your own pizza but they should make you level up faster also  the cook ing time is to slow and the things in the store shouldn't cost a lot but still the best game ever If your into these games ..You will love it ..like me 😊 I LIKE  TURTLES See if I uninstall this do I get my money back It is the best pizza game i'v ever played👍👍👍👍👍👍 This game is way to easy and not fun at all. On this game it has new machines and ways to play, but on the computer on the site Abcya it has good machines and fun ways to play. How they made this stinks! It's not worth ur money. If I was u I wouldn't download, it will just be a big waste -_- Love all Paparia's but the Pizza one is best. I can't wait for the Taco one!!! 10/10 best pizza game I have ever played Same idea as the original Papa's Pizzeria, but with new reworked mechanics. It's great fun. Totally worth it. I wish there were more games that you didn't have to pay. Cmon guys. It's so fun to ply in my spare time!! 🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕😍😍 Graphics is bad Asome Very fun but less than papa's cupcakeria to go This One Is So Awesome :) I Love U Pizzeria ♡♡♡♡♡♡ Classic game Fun till you run out of things to do. This is a very fun and addicting game. Only thing is, the animations to take orders and give out the pizzas take way too long and ends up burning my other pizzas. This waste lot of battery They should make a game where you deliver them as well. It'd be cool. It gets a bit repetitive at times Pretty cool I love it so much Its a goodbenough game Please put hotdogeriea on android I love this on my dads laptop and now I can have it on my tablet! Such a good idea It's addicting. Love this game but my favorite wingeria isn't on here Need to add more food and people I'm at 43 days and nothing new love the game just wish there was more Try you'll get youst to it so what you waiting for install it Great concept game and fun gameplay but lots of lag for a simple game. I was running it on the samsung galaxy s4 and it has this 20 fps feel. This game is awesome. Great time killer. Keep up the great work. Papas stupidria I love this game 10/10 Loved this game I purchased it and wen I wanted to uninstalled it it didn't let me can u pls fix it it gets on my nerves Awsome I like this game but yall need papas Wingeria up here thats the best one out.....WHERE IS IT ????? I enjoy the game. But why Pancakeria only on PC and/or other devices? I HATE HAVING TO RESTART BECAUSE I GOT A NEW PHONE This game is the best I like freezeria better. It sucks that I can't buy wingeria. That one is awesome. Making pizza is cool Best pizza game simulator i've played. OMG Best Game Ever!!!!! :-) Excellent game...good performance from your company. This is the best game ever I could play it all day long Its a cool game I had no issues on my evo 4g lte but now on my note 4 i have a descent amount of lag, not sure why as i have lots of ram and cpu to spare but if it could be fixed i would appreciate it. I have a lot of space left but it says I cant install it and I already payed for it. Please help. Please put the hot dog one on Mobil I was the pro on PC but I want to play on my phone This is an amazing game,no crashes,nothing wrong,and just EPIC!!🙌 I love all that games that they have I need a refund Fun Works fine Its awesome I saved up to cut the 4 piece cutting guide and it does not show up This was so laggy and I didnt get a refund! I paid for this game and it doesn't work on my tablet I was gutted and the tablet that I have is a Kobo so if you have a Kobo you can't get this game and that goes for all the papas game :-( Organized toppings would be great. All meats peppers veggies together instead of all over the place. Otherwise great fun. I hate the snobs at the end of the shifts Lol.  I mess up their orders on purpose. AWESOME I want my money back!!!!!!! Just like the freezeria,its good but slow going! I had bought a lot of coins for this game and spent a lot of my money. But I had to reset my phone and I lost my data and can't get it back im very annoyed by this The whole family likes to pass the time playing this game, from my 3yo to my 10yo! :) Very fun to play and I love pizza💜💜💜🍕🍕🍕 It's ok I play it all the time on my computer so i can have it on my tablet now Love it! loveeee Ok so i had this game on my ipod 5 and I loved it. I got a galaxy s4 and just had to download this game again. On my ipod it was very smooth operation but on my galaxy it has major lag. I Uninstalled alot of game to open up memory. I disabled quite a few apps to boost my phone. Nothing has helped. If you can fox the lag then I'll be more than happy to rate 5 stars and continue playing. Pappas pizzeria Good game but it drains my battery so fast!! Fix it please!!! I play all the others online.  I can't wait for the other ones to come out. It's starting to lag now. Cheap + Super Amazing I got to day 500 Love playing this game wish they make Papa Mia Taco available soon. It's a very good game and a very cheap too. But can you make the rest of your games for androids too as I don't have a computer now and I really want to play the games. I like the vegetarian pizza because I'm a vegetarian' Rally for u it a dollar,4 me it free I'm one of the flipline fan and this app is amazing !!! You guys at flipline studio's should make the dountutria Loved it. When I was young I was playing it on the computer but I finally found it on Android so I am very proud with it. It's money worth it. I would vote with 6 stars if I could. Good job. Love it addicting but cheap highly recommended Used to play this game as a child. 500 times better now. Thank you very much for all who created this game Cheap and fun I absolutely love this game a superb way to waste your time!!!! It is so much fun! It is just like the online version! Its kinda boring....buht i like pizza 👍 Î love it Really like it and for only the price of 59 pence Awesome LOVE IT I love this game it is so awesome cant wait for the pancake one Ive always loved the papa games The only problem is I have to go to school and I can't play it all day. I love this game so much its so fun Loved it Used to play this game all the time when I was pretty young, and I'm glad I found this. Great mobile version, more than worth the dollar you have to pay to get it. So I paid for it and its been saying "installing" for 4 days now. I've tried everything. I have freezeria and wingeria  on the ipad and I absolutely love them. But this is just crazy!!! 😠😠😠😠😠 Fun If you made the others,  I would buy every single one of them!! I've installed other apps since I tried and downloaded this one, I paid 99 cents and didn't get a refund when it didn't install. Other apps download, just not this one. It took my money. The refund option is gone. I could have downloaded a different app. Stategy Amazing game This is really a fun and addicting game. It won't give me my money This game is great and only .99!😉 I hate it Good game love it It coat 99 cent and its awsome It is really good because it helps me burn off time and keeps me busy Its an amazing game trust me you wont regret buying it These games were ment to be played on a phone not on a computer! If u like this you'll like the freezeria too, both are great games considering the price! :-) Fun to play and it keeps me entertained Yes this game is so fun!! Awsome Fun time killer!!!!   Simple concept, yet challenging time management!!!!!love it!!! love the pc version I bloody love this game and all the papa games keeps me entertained for hours hehe Love it i have always loved all of these games was a little upset it wasnt free but got way tpo excited when i seen how cheap it was. absolutely love it. but i want to see the list of achievments. and im not sure hpw to Loved loved loved it😍💯 But I'd really like to see the feature to store the pizzas after baking them when you don't have time to serve them yet. That was in the flash version, and I think it was a huge part of the whole organizing and multitasking. Love all the papa's games make more game for the tab let Its ok. I think that they should add more things to do I have papas burger , milkshake,and now pizza. I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!! Please get papas hotdogria Played this on the computer. Had to get the app. The app has different customers and different combinations of pizzas in different order which made it more fun than the online game 😗 such a great time management game ♥ amazing game for onlu 99cents! I sucks the computer version is better I have the freezeria and burgeria. I wish that you would add the "to go" version of wingeria I freaking love this game!  All of them... Papa's Burgeria, Freezeria, TacoRia, every single one!!!!!! Great. Played it for about 3 minutes then I got addicted! I like this game I love it easy and quick YAY!! Finally! Now we need the donut one, and the hot dog one... Oh!! And the pancake one! :) This game is clearly amazing, I already downloaded papa's freezeria and it was awesome! Fun game glad they put it mobile now Love it its the best Im lovin it Great way to waste time amazing, love your marketing strategy you charge 1 dollar for an amazing game that should cost more and add in app purchases makes it feel just right not too expensive Love this game and all the others waiting for the rest to be on here Honestly, I enjoy this game (and ALL variations) so much, sometimes I feel guilty, as if I had stolen it or something. I'd easily be willing to pay at least 5x the price! So ridiculously worth the 99 Love all these games I think I might like this game because I just downloaded it!!! Love everything Birillant game I love papa's freeezeria, burgeria, wingeria, tacoria, donuteria and all of the papa's games and I will get the others when they come on android asap Alright I have wingeria, papas burgeria, the milkshake game and the burgeria...waiting on the others to get on android....please hurry!!!!! It's not HD so it looks really old fashion, but I like the other games Make a pancakeria That's actually part of the mechanics. Wait until you get some bronze customers. The better star they have, the faster you jot down their order and serve their pizza. Love it Papa's Pizzeria To Go is a great app, and it's the best papa louie game for phones. It now has lobby customization and, more importantly, NO FRESHNESS. Awesome job Flipline Studios. This game is so awsome but can you guys release the other flipline game like the jack smith and pancake and hotdog This game is brilliant. New worker, unlockables, shop, new customers... The game improves massively on the original. Another great job! Great app as always from Flipline Studios but it could do with QHD support for my Note 4 as a lot of assets look blurry (2560x1440). Will change review to 5 stars upon release of the update. Except the 6 slice pizza cutting was hard Awesome Works great on mobile. Huge improvement over the flash version. Only issue so far is that sometimes when I try to swipe the pizza from the build station it adds another topping and I have to start over. Other than that, it's working perfectly so far. Love this game! Every game I have from Flipline studio on my phone Is always good!  I'm excited!! Best games ever!!  So glad for another phone game. I GOT IT!! IM LIKE THE 2ND PERSON TO GET IT. IVE BEEN WAITING FOR SOOOOOO LONG!!!!! Way too many opitions I feel like it overwhelms me also koilee really This game is wrong because it has weird glitchs Oh my goodness this game is amazing. I bought this game looking for a time killer and boy does this game do that job nicely. I can find myself playing this game for hours upon hours without noticing. Patrick will be in papa's bakeria to go in sugar plex film festival. Good this is so upseting, I was so excited to play this game because I have loved all the others, but it would not let me click play! I would tap and tap, but it just wouldn't click! I try and delete it and let me try again, then it works, and as I am creating character, it won't let me click continue!!! UGHHHH! Please help me fix this problem. And this app cost me money! I deserve answers! it is fun Coolest game ever it doesn't even work this apps is awesome but it can get boring I love it please try it. Fun time killer but very buggy on my device. it awesome but it sometimes does not work on my chrom book this game is cool game ilove but it sticks a lil when it comes on...please fix.. I have played this game in school and I love it. But when Iinstalled it at home and pressed play it will not let me in the game! So great. Always willing to pay since it is so good . Just wish it could be logged in to google play or fb so that i could save my progress and play on other tablets This is very addictive and worth the money. I think this is the best one yet! I had an idea for a new game- Papa's Saladeria The best game yet! I was on the fence about whether or not to get the To-Go version, but this game plays so well! Crazy fun!!! I LOVE THIS GAME!! IT'S SO FUN AND IS JUST AWESOME!!!! I COULD PLAY THIS  GAME FOR HOURS AND IS WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!! 😂 I really love Papa games, but I don't understand on the cookie dough stage.  it starts off getting me a 90% and from there it goes down to 70% when I  get to the closer. How do I make it to the 100% or 90% and stay that way  all though the game? Great game This is the best game ever I love it I got one question I got the hd version do we get to take calls from the  phone like in the to go version? Also I cannot decorated the lobby and im  rank 33 It is another great game flipline! Nice job Matt and Tony! My problem is if  you switch two cookies and one's baked, if you have an alarm on the one  that's baked, it rinds the alarm for the rest of the day. PLZ fix this!  -Dylan Another great game - the only issue I have is if you choose the wrong ice  cream by mistake, and press the X button, it gets rid of your whole damn  cookie and not just the ice cream! Annoying!! Goof Totally worth the dollar! I love this game, in fact, I love all of Papa's Gamerias. However, I noticed this game is missing textures, mainly in the build station with the dough texture and the cook station with the additive textures. Also, the Slider game is missing textures. At least, it's on my device. If there's a patch for it, I'd love to download it and update the game, but I cannot reinstall it due to no backup save feature. Love it! Worth the price money! It's really fun when I first played it! Love the game... Cannot see when scooping cookie dough. Needs to fix bug. Good games Love this game only thing I would improve on is that the fact you have to go super slow when scooping the cookie dough When I play slider escape, there's only the green background. I cannot see where I should slide. Ott, the dough cannot be seen when I scooped it. The dough is only visible when I want to bake it Its boring. I actually never knew that these games existed on mobile 😔😪 wish i knew before but this game is fun a never disappoints. It's a really fun game and sometimes it's difficult but I like playing it Its the best game ever... to me anyway Good job you love me... This place fun... Here is can to weeks the 2021 Years the from the city Nice job good luck I love this game! I really like all of the different aspects of it. I was just wondering why in the world there isn't a St. Patrick's Day. I know they added a "Baseball Season ", but thought it a bit odd to skip St. Patrick's Day. I really love this game~ poggers The reason why i pick 5 star was this game is simple to play it on phone. And plus this game is making me hungry. Fun I Love This Game ♡ I've been playing it for almost tjree years now, continually. And my resto has a lot of decors and my employees has a lot of costumes now too. It's so interactive. I love it! It's actually a good game but my phone just lags really bad👁️💧👄👁️ So fun. This game is such a good time killer when you're bored. I really have no complaints for this game, it's just awesome and so much fun. Anyone who is thinking about getting this game, I say go for it! It's really worth the money. Great game, glad to support the developers! I love this game! I love this game It is the best game!! I really have nothing to say about it except, it's a amazing game! It a good game to play This game is legendarysssss!!!!!!!!!!😛😜😝 Very nice game!!!😄😄😄 very easy just like in laptop/PC This game make my chilhood awesome Status legend to all PaPa' game I love this game, and for me it was worth spending that $ 2.50, is entertaining, I can play without internet, and I love that is like an entertainment to a job Always been a fan of all the Papa Games! If you dont like repetition in a game then dont play. But if you love a challenge and unlocking things within a game then I say play away! Awesome game 👏👏👏 When scooping cookies they do not show up BEST GAME EVER Worth to buy Love This Game!!! MUST DOWNLOAD Update pls Nice game It costs money but it's worth it. From the reviews there is minor glitches. I haven't experienced anything. It is good game. Fun for quarantine. It good but idk I like it at first but then i got bored of it and it costed 2$ in cash i liked it at first but know im just bored BEST GAME EVER DOWN LOAD IT PLEASE I love ice cream Great game and all but can we please have google play games on here i cant get ALL the progess i lost.. 😭 Awesome 😊 I love the game... But i have a glitch on the dough station where it doesn't show the dough ball! Please fix it! It is a great game but there are some bugs that I think should be addressed, when rolling the dough you cannot see it nor when you are dipping it into the topping, when it goes to the bake station you can see the dough but not the topping and this makes it quite hard to play. Apart from that I have really enjoyed playing this game, a classic for the franchise and my overall favourite. THIS IS JUST LIKE THE PLAYING THE GAME ON THE COMPUTER, I LOVE IT! This my favorite game from u guys so far. This is the best game ever its surprising of the price for how good the game is! Best one It is fun cooking I love this app I think it is great that you added a phone and another driver and i love that because i need help delivering stuff😓😰 This game is one of my faaaavvvoorrriiittteeesssss of all of the papas games and I really recommend this game. Sense I've always wanted to own a shop I love the papas games and I love that there is nooooooo adds :) k eep up the good work guys!!! I love all the "Papa's" games. A HUGE thank you to the developers for not turning into just another company that live off ads and in app purchases. Theres nothing like being able to buy a game, and play it all the way through and enjoy it without being pummeled with ads or feeling like you cant even play until you purchase something else. This game (and all the other Papa's games) are great time management style games with fun graphics, minigames, bonuses, and levels. Highly recommend! It is fun Pa Vang pavang044 10/10 best one yet Excuse me, I have many problems with the game. Sometimes my scoop disappears and my cookies don't bake. Along with other bugs. I need a refund please. I waited 72 hours and still dident download It fun to play This is one of my favorite childhood games and it's nice to come back. I tried to refund but the game didnt give my money back. Please help So good it just costs money it's wonderful!!!!!!😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁 It's a good game but I dont recommend it's not worth paying for Some controls a bit weird but overall alright This game is not bad. It just gets boring sometimes. Really fun and I love it This Game is awesome like I already reached level 10 and it's the best I hope people buy this it's really cool also the controlles is easy It's good But i think the graphics & story could ues a little no offense really it was good yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh Iz great I grew up on these games and I have always enjoyed them. I haven't had any issues with the game so far and I'm enjoying it so far and might try another version. I hope they keep making more of these games. Nice delecius Love Love it This is the best game of my life thanks I basicly can't stop playing Best of it's kind This game is really what youre looking for! A cooking experience where you can get to be in the kitchen making orders from customers. Not only that! Other than being in the kitchen you can even go shopping for decorations for your store and your fashion. After a long day in the kitchen you get to reward yourself by playing minigames. However, the minigames sometimes get boring as sometimes the same level repeats itself, especially when you keep playing again. More minigames should be added:) The gameplay is simply great. Its worth every cent. Best Game EVER MADE Ive always loved every one of the Papas games It's a game that i didnt think id ever buy but i did and enjoyed it?? Yes An amazing to go version of the game. I am addicted! This game is great to play! It was a good game but was kind of repative that I got bored i wish we could save our progress. like logging in to google play acct so that we could play on multiple devices. please hear this out. thanks love it's amazing best games I EVER played Love the game and I love the new look it has in the game. I am such a big fan of these kind of games. BEST GAME EVER!!! I use to play Papa's games when I was younger. I am so glad I found this game. It's so fun and a great way to pass time. It's 100% worth the money. Minor mini game glitches, sometimes slider escape mazes won't load/are invisible and dough scoop invisibility and inaccurate topping (cherry, caramel cubes) placement. Other than that it pretty much looks like the pc version, pls on the next update we can change the hair because when I created the "Driver" I didn't realize that there was more hair styles and I regreted the hair style of my chef. so pls on the next update we can change the hair. If you can make it like part of a story like visiting the barber shop and getting a new hair cut or hair style. Thanks if you can make it happen. 🌈 love it very fun to play:) SO GREAT! I love it! This is the best game ever. I have been playing papas games from when I was small .I got up to day 130 on papas bakeria and papa came to my store on day 100. Papas scooperia is now my favourite. awsome This is a very well-done and beautiful game! I remember playing many of the Papa's games when i was in middle and high school when i had free time! I was a bit iffy about buying it, but now I can say for certain that I'm glad I did! I love every mini game and the store makes me have goals to work towards. I love the different combinations of the recipes that a customer orders and it's interesting to see each character have his/her favorite ice cream!😊 Thank you for an amazing game! 💙💜💙😁 good fun my childhood, I love these games they're always entertaining good game just dont really like it as much on my phone could someone tell me how i could get a refund on it this game is awesome! no lag, no ads, and best of all, its really fun! can you guys make a Bakeria to go? very good I love this game and I'm sad it's being taken off of cool math games since its shutting down get this app it is EXACTLY like the version on cool math 💯/10 just don't delete it (you can't get your money back totally,worth it its great no ads yummy cookies love it and download today! hasn't changed... my experience with it is great childhood memories.. are flowing back.. 😂 the point is I love this game it's great Papa's games have been my entire childhood and I was so happy when I saw this on the app store. Ive never been able to get a perfect score :(, but its still a phenomenal game. my favourite I love all your papa's game, I hope sushiria, pastaria, cheeseria and bakeria to go can release 🤗 ❤ and can you make all this game can save data in google account or facebook maybe? I hope if I change my phone, my data game don't disappear. Thanks Would give 5* BUT..... Once upon a time you could play these games while on a call WITHOUT losing sound. As any Papa Louie player knows, sound is important in this game. I spend a lot of time on my phone, and if I'm paying for a game, I should be able to play it WITH SOUND on a call. Fix for 5*. it is a good game you should get it uskreem gaim I love it 😜 It is a must try 🤝🤝 not as fun as i remember ... Been playing these games since I was in elementary. I always got in trouble for not working in like 3rd grade because I was pretty much addicted to Cupcakeria. Scooperia is my favorite right now and I was really happy when I found out there was a mobile version. Keep up the good work! I really love the game, but the only thing is that I can't retrieve my previous data. So I need to restart my game again ;( It's a great game but I would like to refund because I'm not fast and I think I'm just not ready for the game yet i didnt really like and would like to refund it but i dont know how so could someone help me please i loved this on the pc and i love it on mobile 💜💙💚💛❤ so. when you start to get the scoop of the cookie the cooking doesn't show up or its all glitched out also sometimes there is a glitch where it wony let you use the cookie dough at all and it messes up the game but overall its an amazing game. please fix the bugs this game is fun but can you guys add susheria please maybe for your next game you can do "Papa's Dumplingeria" idk its just an idea fun. love all the flipline games and this is one of my faves along with the cupcake one :) Good game I like ice cream big fan of the papa louie games since i was younger. still highly enjoyable now. Love it! please add bakeria to the mobile games FUN This game is fun and entertaining. I would definitely recommend! love best addicting game, really fun and I reccomend it to anyone who likes cooking kinda games. every time i try to drag the cookie or ice cream it glitches and wont let me do anything good Papa's Game's R Cool Please Make More With New Peoples And New Outfits I Will Wait And Buy The New Game nice one but must increase number of customers per day depending upon rank it es sow moch fun Its ok but it's kinda boring and I refunded it because I probably wouldn't play on it but that's my opinion if you do like this game that's fine. First of all,I love this game,but now,I can't play it,EVER,it is just a black screen,i don't know what happened,can you fix this bug please. I love this game!!! Scooperia's nice game💞It's easy to understand and at the same time challenging. I have no regrets buying this game. Keep up the good work! i love it needs to be more challenging nice Harder to play and earn points, but still a good game. One of the best in general and on mobile. I played tis game at shcool because I'm 10 and l had to buy it on here .👍🏽😁🍨🍪And Nina Batton is my mom. Good game! This is a very nice game to play THIS GAME IS SO ADDICTING I MEAN COMMON!! THIS IS THE BEST GAME IN THE WHOLE UNIVERSE!!! FIVE STARS Can i please have a refund? I used to play this game on computer. Was so excited and even paid just to download this app that crashes and has my phone reboots whenever I try to 'scoop the batter'. That is just the first part of the tutorial and yet I am having trouble. I enjoy the games but I wish that the winggeria game u have online was an app because I definitely would love to have the winggeria game on the phone It's a great time killer I love this game but please make it free I WANT MY MONEY BACK Pretty good, I don't like how it flashes black when you switch the station you're working at. The screen seems a little crowded, but other than that it's perfect. I was very exciting for this game and i was hoping for something interesting due to the new engine and longer release. Well it was a good game but there are issues. Compared to games it is very hard to get a perfect score which i have found annoying as i constantly get 99% on the build station eventhough im doing it perfectly. Second thing is the holiday toppings. There should be holiday themed cookie doughs instead of that extra mixable. I was quite excited to see the new cookie dough but alas i unlocked a new mixable which is disappointing. Also in the 1 station and the slider game there are graphical glitches such as the walls in slider game disappearing and the cookie dough symbol bugging out. All in all a good game but there are letdowns EDIT: The way to get perfect score is by scooping the the max size, taking the cookie off the oven within 3 secs, scoop max size of icecream and align around about the centre of the cookie (doesnt have to be perfect but dont go way off). Then when topping dont let the toppings clip the cookies eg the sauces, timed toppings(peanuts pistachos sprinkles, whipped cream and etc), but with the exception of bananas and other toppings that automatically fall on the plate. Follow this and you will have a higher chance of getting a perfect score. HOPE THIS HELPED Love this game so much and all the others, I would love to see papa cheeseria in android and iPad also! Keep up the great work! I love the Papa's games, but after you reach, like Rank 30 (I'm on rank 62) you fall into a flow, and nothing challenges you. I've only ever failed one order of hundreds and it was because I gave Edna the wrong order. It's just too easy. Also, is the max number of customers per day 7? Because I've had 7 customers per day since like, rank 20. I wish there were more. I wish it were harder. I like papas games but this on is really boring. I dont like it but i waited to long for a refund because i forgot. :( Really annoying graphical bugs in the 2nd station, when scooping the dough the ball is all glitched, sent you screenshots on Twitter. Love itttttt I live all of the papa games. This one was amazing. I saved up ALL my money to buy a Google play card to get this. OMG SO A DDICTING. Everything about it is amazing It's a really nice game (😜) but you have to make the all the games of papa's... Live it! Let me refund this Loved it keep it up As far as mobile Papa's games go, this one is amazing. The mobile games have always felt pretty lacking in comparison to the PC versions but this one includes customization features that make it unique. Graphics are good and adding toppings and sauces isn't too hard once you get used to it. Papa's scooperia is worth the *ahem* dough, for sure. I love every Papa's game made - I'm so please that this came out and added so many new things. I just wish the toppings portion was graded more easily lol. Either that or i need to get better haha xD anyways great game as always! Thanks for sticking with it but making it new all the time! You guys rule! BEST GAME EVA good The best game ever I love cookies and ice cream! Its a good game to play to make ice cream on cookies! But there are a little bit of glitches sometimes, but their not that bad. There something wrong with the game. When I'm scooping I see what flavor I'm getting yet try put it on the cookies it does not show. Can someone tell why this happens Love these games , thank you for providing them Nice and thumbs up for this game! Not as good as it was said to be. Played it 5 minutes and got boring and would like a refund Great app love it just wish you didn't have to pay for it 😊 I like papas scooperia because it's an easy game along with hd version and  pc version Pretty gud prefer pic version tho but this is a gud portable way to have  fun like it I love love Papa games I wish they would bring more out and I love this one  too so much but I have 1 problem I bought it on my cellphone and I'm trying  download it on my tablet too cause I've been able to do that for long time  with their games but this one it won't let me says I gotta pay $1.99 on my  tablet I'm so mad I don't know what to do Good game Suka banget semua games dari flipline, semoga sushiria dibikin to go juga *Meow* -Melon cat says: "Good"- *woeM* Amazing as always! Only issue is the dough station. I keep getting like 90%  or less and im not sure what I'm doing wrong; I'm following the speed so  again I'm just not sure! I love these games and buy everyone that comes  out! If you guys can please make the sushi one on the phone!! :) Love flipline, this one is especially fun on the pc so I got on mobile. I  still like it a lot, but for 1.99 should have less bugs then the pc not  more. The topping station is very finicky, ads audio randomly play in the  background and sometimes the game crashes halfway through a day so you have  to start over. Freezeria is still the best. I enjoy this whole series. My only complaint is that I have to turn off the  sound every time I play. It never remembers my sound settings. Very  irritating when I forget the sound is on on my phone and try to play in the  early morning but my husband is sleeping, or when we are using my phone to  listen to an audiobook in the car. It looks good visually like the rest and I'm glad they added the parade and  the customizable characters from the browser version but I was sad that  they took away the holiday maple mornings and added a new one called holi  day and functuanilty of the game it's hard to get the scooping mechanic to  work properly and I think there are too many clothes options that make them  feel not as special as if they were for only specific for each holiday  which they have achieved in the past. I am getting it right now😊 I like papas games to bad they cost money but I don't care It has better graphics than the old one, it needs fixing, but hey it's  worth it update: I report a bug, it says take order when the customer is  not in the counter Like the other games, this game is amazing! I just feel like the developers  of Flipline need to have some sort of Patreon where we can donate to them.  One thing I noticed about the game is that you can finally take orders  without waiting for the customer to reach the table unlike other gamerias.  I look forward to more games in the future! Trying for the first time Consistantly lose 10 points in scoop station for every scoop no matter  what. Very frustrating. EDIT: Figures it out! You have to scoop slightly  slower than what it tells you to. I love it but I thinl there is a glitch with the Dough station. No matter  what I always get a 90 for 1 scoop, 80 for 2 scoops, or 70 for 3. Which is  fustrated because the Closers all want 3 and they hate any 70s. I know it  is a new game but please fix this soon. Love the game. And, it be cool if  you could replay any tutorials. Like go into settings and be able to replay. Hey, proud Papa Player since Burgeria. You guys are always a 5/5 to me, but  I'm having a problem with this game. For whatever reason, I'm getting audio  only ads that play constantly while the app is open or in use. How can I  ever become the ice cream scooping pro that Papa himself expects me to be  when my concentration is constantly broken by car dealership ads? Please  fix this, Flipline, because you guys are better than this ~ My ice cream/build station in the second level is absent, i cannot move  forward. Please fix and i will change my rating My first time buying a mobile game from them, and I just love playing this  game! A great game as usual. Awesome job guys!!! The game is great, just noticed something interesting in baking station.  You can not throw away cookiedough that has not been baked yet. If you make  a wrong ball and accidentally send it to baking you have to first place it  to oven and then you can throw it. Just 1 unnessesary step that could  easily be removed by the team :) haven't experienced any bugs and also if you scoop to fast it causes bad scores is not a bug its intentional Stupid changes make this franchise useless. Haven't made a good game, since  the hot dog one.keeping up with the timing of the is dumb, it causes you to  go slower. Which kills your score. Doesn't matter how perfect you line up  your ice cream scoop it's off balance for a 3 scoop sundae, and causes tge  wrong topper to be dropped. Last time i spend my money on your half assed  games I love this game! Love Papa's! So much fun! I've waited so long for this game to come out and I have all of the games  on everything i own and out of all of the games this one is my favorite by  far! Good work flipline studios! I've been waiting for the game to come out for a while. It's different to  the others and I really do like it. Only issue I found was things  disappearing, like cookie dough whilst scooping causing bad scores. It only  came out today though and the issue I've found is minor. I've been waiting for this! So excited that i can play this now. I love all  your games~ Way to complicated. Buttons way to touchy, other controls are way to easily mistaken and yea.. Not great. Sorry.... I loved the papa's burgers.. But this is way overboard. Flipline you spoiled us putting these up for free on Coolmathgames. Worth Every Penny Love the game! I've played it for YEARS! I didn't know there was a Mobile version of it. Poop poop poop poop poop. This game may be so much for for others but it's not for me. In short, this game is like any other papa Louis game, except its all about sushi! This game is fun, a time killer and a great way to practice time management. Honestly as the papa Louis franchise grows l, their mobile games enhance and I have to say, it runs quickly, smoothly and the graphics are vibrant and quirky. Please keep putting out more amazing content! Totally worth the $2.99 I spent. I used to play this on the web but since flash is going away I bought it on mobile. I usually play this on the go, In my opinion this is the best papa's game. The tickets automatically going to the order you just took is very frustrating and it's hard to fully get into the game. I love all of the paparia games. Flipline studios is the best. IMO the best way to pass the time on your mobile device. Sushiria is a little harder to get perfect scores starting off but after the first couple of weeks (in game) you should be in the groove.Papas Burgeria was my all time favorite for the longest but this might take the cake. I love that you can customize your character and delivery driver. I also like that there are holidays and lots of unique customers. Very fun and addictive! its great and its offline and fun to spend hours on. Haha I love this game very fun and cute i love the game. how i wish i can save the progress in my google account Best Papa Gameria ever to go I love this franchise so to have it on a portable device is amazing I was on level 23. When I got my new phone and transfered everything on my SD card it reset to level 6. Disappointed. Good but nice BEST GAME EVER I like the Design of the Game, But Im a Fan of quick games, the recent flipline studio games have been getting for complex and harder lately so a 4 out of 5 for me, It's high quality and fun like all Papa Louie games. Biggest gripe for me is the bubble tea, which is based on pushing the button with right timing. Takes a while to get decent at. Cant transfer data..... I'm giving this game 4 stars because there's almost no ads in this game and I love ♥️ that!So I really ♥️ this game and I want u to insral it.Thank u😊 Very difficult for left-handed players. Both placing ingredients and slicing rolls are impossible to do well with the left hand, because your hand will be covering visual cues that tell you what to do. Previous games didn't have a problem with this because the graphics lacked perspective. This was not a good change. Fun and entertaining. Just the right amount of challenge woth the money Very Fun. M H kk(l pBMW operated. Ml Love, love, love this game! I've been so tired of all these fast-paced copycat Diner Dash and Cooking Frenzy ripoff! This game moves a quite a bit slower but still keeps me hooked in. Fun characters, mini games and great prizes. I wish the kitchen upgrades were a little more extensive than just the 9 items or so that are available, but not worth knocking down a star for. Great work! Can't wait to try some of your other games Another fun papa game! Bit complicated at first, but I love it. Wh at is love this game Please add save progress in a game I do not want to return from the first game I'm in Rank 11 Fun and I love unlocking new ingredients! Highly recommend! Caferia is so late My favorite papa's game one of the best restaurant game ever really challenging and I love sushi! Definitely not as hard as some of the reviews make it to be. All you need is to get into the rhythm of the orders and building, and everything will be great. Top tip: when placing the ingredients, just move the ingredients as close as possible before it turning slightly "white" (when it's "white", it means the ingredients are overlapped). You'll then get the optimum spacing between ingredients. More challenging than the others Delicious. It's even better than the flash game! But I do have one issue where when I'm scroll through the sauces and stuff where it suddenly starts putting the sauce/topping on the sushi roll even though my finger is still on the sauce/topping itself. A cut above the average cooking time-management game. Challenging and always changing with seasonal ingredients. Lots of costume options you can get without real money. It a good game to play Its pretty fun just wish the pasta one was available with the rest. I love the Papa's Food game series so much and the mobile versions are so much fun and easier to use. I find small details that make the mobile version my preferred option over PC. It's challenging, exciting, and the variety of customers as well as customizable features make this game completely stand out from all other food related games. 5 Stars 🌟 all the way! Okay let me get the 2 bad things out of the way first, first of all it costs money, which isn't necessarily bad at all but I feel like the creators would make more money by putting ads in it and making it free since so many more people would be motivated to buy it. Second, its probably the hardest papas game ever so if you are not good at these games I would not reccomend buying. Other than that the game is super fun and addicting I cant type any more lol there is a charachter limit oof sorry Fun Best game ever! I love it! 🍣 It's a solid Papa's game but the repetitiveness of the series is getting me down. It's always the same holidays and minigames and everything. A sushi game seems like a great opportunity to do something different- maybe some new themed minigames. There are only so many games of Slider Escape I can play before I lose interest. Edit to add: still having fun though so bumped up a star. I love this game! I've been waiting for a new game to come out, and I'm glad it's Sushiria this time. Sure, the game is more challenging at first, but it's challenging in a fun way! It gets more easier as you get used to it. I highly recommend it. I am so glad to play these flipline games on my smartphone. The graphics are entirely nice. I hope you will launch a new gameria in the ongoing year. No words to appreciate flipline studios. Wow I literally like that this game but it's still hard a little bit for me but I still like it do? So yeah that's all oh yeah and im make it so amazing pls pls update now pls 😍😍😍 When can we play Pastaria To Go?! One of my favorites! Again love the game! Just want to know when the Pastaria is coming to the phone. That was one of my favorites! Once you get the hang of completing a level with ease, all the other levels are the same and the game starts to get repetitive. The game doesn't get any more difficult and gets kind of boring imo. Still a good game nonetheless. It's a really good game and all but it's a bit harder then the other games. But I have a question mabye someone can answer, Are the upgrades free and use game money (tips) and is the clothing the same kinda way. it says it uses your tips and the tips a they want you to pay with are in the game and not on your card right? Please answer me if you know! Game's good. Suggestion for game update: Find a a way to be able to choose a different rice/seaweed paper from an "inventory" box in the "build mode" rather than always having to only use the rice/paper combo that's on the table in "build mode". I don't always want to use/have an order that involves the rice/seaweed combo that's on the table in "build mode". It's like the Papa's Wingeria where you can plate the wing order that you want 'cuz the wings made are all on the bottom of the screen. DRINK STATION GLITCH! The drink station is glitching out, as it only allows me to make one drink. On my PC version, I can make multiple drinks, as is the case with Pancakearia, PC version, moble, as well as tablet. Can't play effectively, unless drink station allows me to pre make my drinks. Please fix this major glitch!! Thank you. ☹ Great game and an even greater time killer. It's a little difficult to see what exactly you're doing wrong with some orders especially on the build part, but over all I wouldn't say this game is as difficult like other reviews are suggesting. My only gripe is that your settings to turn off volume and sound don't save after closing the app, meaning I have to manually turn off volume myself every time. I love being able to collect different outfits for all the customers by completing challenges. I love this game I love papa louie I am a big fan of them I hope other people love it to 😊 Papa's Sushiria to go is an amazing game, like all other papa Louie games. The gameplay is fun, and the design and controls are also very good. My only problem with the game is that if you accidentally press the "finish" button during the build station before cutting, you have no option to go back. It would be nice to have an option (or button) that you can press to go back to build station, but only if you haven't cut your sushi yet. Apart from that, amazing game! :) Love this addition to the Papa Louie app suite. Please add Pastaria! i love this game! it's one of the best of your games. docking a star because of a glitch though. sometimes the game freezes when you take phone orders Super nostalgic, I loved these games as a kid. Sushiria is my favorite of the series, I'm glad to see it's finally become an app. It's a little bit different than the computer version, instead of a waiter you hire a delivery boy. The controls do take some getting used to but once you get the hang of it, it's just as easy. The only issue I have is that the bar in the drink station is very small which makes pouring drinks a little annoying. It would be nice if it was just a little bit larger. To echo what alot of other folks are saying, the wait time scores are terribly low compared to other games. Kinda funny people are more impatient for the most artisan food option out of all the games lmao. Otherwise, pretty much standard Papa's game. If you enjoy any of the others, you'll probably enjoy this. I always love Papas games, this one hasnt failed to be as enjoyable as all the others! Fun game I've been playing this for hours it's good they really fixed the cutting station and I would recommend this😊 It's sushi and everyone likes making them it deserves five stars While I like the idea I found it a bit too hard especially the drink part LOVE IT!!! now if only you could make pastaria, the collection will be complete 💓 By far this one is the most difficult. I love the game though! I think the waiting time and gameplay might be abit off for how much you have to do in this one and the drinks are very difficult! Unless the speed is reduced or add more "Upgrades" are incorporated, it's completely impossible to get 100% on the whole meal. Plus, I've come to notice the number of products that can be added onto the sushi range too, maybe an number indication (like the pizza game) of each product might help players? This game is really fun and I'm waiting on the last game to go version This one is hard BUT for tips for players: Get the doorbell ringer, take orders as soon as customers walk through the door, when making the sushi; over lap a little bit of the food inside and outside the sushi roll, while the rice is cooking for the 1st order only, work on the drink while waiting for the rice to boil It was awsome and cool Out of all the games in the series, this one is, by far, the most difficult. I'm on Day 9 and I've only scored above an 89 twice. Once was during the tutorial! Even after finally being able to purchase the cooking alarms, my waiting scores are abysmal. Please, do something to adjust the difficulty. I love it When I make sushi, one of the sushi are empty or black colored. Please fix Just started playing it i like it its fun ive played them all... Every time I play to go games I am usually annoyed by the controls BUT this time it was good I have always wanted to play this papa louie game and I'm finally playing it every penny I spent on this was worth it Love it best papa louie to go game so far Cant wait till The pasta one comes out :) As a fan of all of the papa louie games i have been collecting all of them on my phone I have to admit, Sushiria was my least favourite on flash but now that it is on phone i am starting to enjoy it One complaint though and it might be just me but i felt the same about the flash game in this respect too In Pancakaria you could prepare multiple drinks in advance which was a feature i really liked. What i dont like about both Sushirias is that it doesn't include this feature Anyway. Good game! Please give more detail and animation in the part of the knife and cutting the sushi, it feels a little poor I love this game, but it can be hard to control the placement of toppings especially on my tablet. It's almost as if there's not enough room on the sushi roll for toppings & it causes reduced points for building. When adding sauces the sushi roll won't move left&right causing a straight line of sauce. I hope there will be updates to fix this& I'll happily give 5 stars because it really is a great game! I do want to thank the developers for making these awesome games! Your fans appreciate y'all! A more polished version of the PC one and I'm loving it. There's no food game that does it with the same quality like Flipline Studios. Great game! This game is INCREDIBLE!! I only have 1 issue with it and thats the Difficulty. Sushiria To Go is SO HARD....Well maybe not that hard, but I can't ever get a 100 In the drink OR Waiting station. I mean the customers are really picky with the time. Other than that, this game is nearly flawless. Not laggy, A beautiful Japanese setting, and Matt FROM FLIPLINE STUDIOS as A worker. I highly recommend this for any sushi lovers or just someone who love Flipline Studios Work. A 4 star review from Me!!! Flipline at it again with a great game! I highly recommend this and all of your other games. Keep up the amazing work! 👍👏👏👍 I bought this game the moment I saw it was released. I love this game from what i have played of it. I will definitely be playing this game for as long as possible. It is incredibly fun and addicting. It took a will of effort to stop playing it to review it. I very much reccomend this game to anyone who likes the other games like this. This is the BEST PAPA LOUIE GAME!!!! But a little laggy... STILL LOVE IT!!!! Ummm.. Flipline? Can you Matt and Tony fix the laggyness? It turned out perfect and easy yet fun 😊 thank you ❤❤ My fave taco game! Best taco cooking app! I wish that we could edit the color of the shirts and clothes I WANT TO REFUND IT BUT I CANT!!! The meat and names are not on the game so please fix it by tomorrow Taco 🌮🌮🌮 Probably my favorite of the games. Addicting, and not very hard once you get the hang of it. Very nice gameplay, lots of toppings and different meats to cook. My favorite customers are Wally and edoardo love it so much used play when i was younger These games are everything I played when I was younger. when is Chesseria coming...love the all the papa games ajjaja i love all of these games! When is the next one coming out????!!!!! Hey Flipline! Could you make an HD version of Papa's Pastaria or Papa's Sushiria? Would love to play those on the go Good game What is with this game, all I've been doing is failing and I am not doing Quest for zero point's. Was it a glitch or something? If it was, fix this ASAP!! I love your games this is my 3rd one my 4th is pizzeria and 2nd is cupcakeria 1st on is freezeria make donuteria HD 10/10 recommended to Papa's games lovers. It's surprisingly smooth compared to the PC version, and it's worth the few coins!! Great!! Big fan It is soo fun This game as with every other papa Louie game is addictive,  skilled and crazy fun. I recommend spending the 3 dollars and upgrading to hd. Your play experience is doubled and you get to have your own customization. I like the game but I can't find the chefs holiday cloths can somebody please me with this it stops on day six it keeps kicking me out Great time management  skills  game! I wish the game was less glitchy. Considering you have to pay for the game you would think it should have less bugs than a free game but that's not the case. Other than the glitches I think it's a good game to kill some time. It is a great game I absolutely love it Love its a very good game.can you guys plz put the papas susirea plz In love with the game. Very satisfied but I wish the others would be available as apps. It's great. Different from the pc version but I love it all the same. Make it easier The sound on RCA tablets does not sound as it should. I luv did game! Chips,and other stuff Very addictive, played until I unlocked every customer. As a bonus, the names of the ingredients are helping me learn Spanish If not then i need a good blogger if so then tony u are the best oh and game is brill Every time I open the app, it has a black screen and no sound please reply to this ASAP Love these games but I'm still waiting for my most favorite ones to go on for tablet but I don't mind waiting. Sometimes the ingredients go rainbow colored or twitchy, and switching between stations? I see rainbow sometimes too. Great game, but if these bugs were fixed, I would give five stars. It's the best game I played forever Incrediblely adictive game 5 stars! 🌸🌸 Just like the PC version but, next I hope they add Papa's Hot Dogeria HD  to the Phone. I LOVE THIS APP AND I WISH THERE WAS A PAPA' HOTDOGERIA HD!!! It's awesome game i played lots of their games on the computer wish they had papas dounutria on the app store but the games are lots of fun It has some glitches. Sometimes I can't see the beef or chicken. There's black splotches over some of the graphics. This game is great! I love that it now has holidays and specials. The only thing that is frustrating is that the changing between menus and stations is very slow. The mini games also run slowly. Still love the game as a whole though! They fixed the blender ball bug thanks guys like the new station and dining room and all the other new stuff keep up the hard work guys I had the sandwich one on Kindle.  I'm happy that you put the special of the day. Just a couple of glitches. But I like it a lot. I love the HD version of this game it was so great and I love the new station you added in this remake I love it! P.s there is a update about the blender game The chip station is hard tho This game is awesome worth the money to play Omg love it the holidays sticker ext,a and a beautiful reducing dump the computer version buy this,LOVE IT😍😍😍😍😍 Great game but when I served the Guaco Taco special to Greg during Starlight BBQ (his favourite holiday) in order to get the Guaco Greg sticker his star meter dropped to zero, please fix this! Fliplinetasic It's a good game. My only suggestion is that we can get up to 5 dollars like the pancakeria, and the bakeria one Love it. Flipline are absolutely great when it comes to these types of management games and this one is my favourite. Well done Flipline, can't wait for mocharia! The game is awsome . I really enjoy this game. I ended up unlocking all the customers. However, there's a problem where customers i already gold stars keep showing up, which makes it near impossible to 100%. Papas Freezeria didn't have this issue. Please fix this issue and i'll give a better rating. Love it even tho it's not in the computer and the controls are different it's still awesome to play on the go threw the phone I love it thank you for making it on the phone I used to play as a kid lol now I get to play on the go haha Bc it cool to play I truly love the game, its one of my favorites! However it needs an update, in fact, every game that still has these graphics and gameplay (ex. Hot Doggeria, Pizzaria, etc.) because they aren't up to the standards like Pastaria or Cheeseria. Other than that this game is pretty solid. Fun and hardish Love it I hate IT Wow I love love love it this game is just amazing I don't usually buy games but it's worth it and I will be buying more flipline games very soon I love papa's game <3 Awesome I've played the Papa's games for a while and was wondering when they would do tacos. The game is good; I almost like it better then burgers. I can even get over their money making strategy, but the graphics are terrible! Makes game play annoying. How you get 💯, for some reason I can't get any 💯 on the build station but I can get 💯 on other stations. Maybe I'm just bad at it but I never get 💯 Idk I think I just suck at the building station 😂¯\_(ツ)_/¯ I LIKE MUCHO THIS BLOODY GAME (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻ It's a good game to play and I like taco Very good! I'm happy I'm playing! Just add pastaria and the collection will be complete 👌🙌 Love it. How do i get a refund Like it BEST GAME EVER I love this game it's so awesome Amazing!😎😎😎 I love the Chips Station!!! Once you get past the weird motions of the characters, it's fun! Flipline Studios really does great work! Epic I love this game I had no problems, and the graphics are great!! I've been playing the hot dog game and like how you can jump around stations unfortunately with this one it is less flexible. This makes game play instantly more difficult. Uninstalled what a waste of money. I want a refund please This is my sister's phone I'm downloading it for her and trust me she's obsessed , like it's not healthy I'm really worried for her I love this game but i dont understand how to put it over to my new phone. I would give it full stars if someone could explain to me how i can transfer my account to my new phone💙Help It is amazballs!My mom is the bast for buying this game for me the graphics are awesome for me at least and I can be more confident about me trying to be a taco worker when I grow up. Loved it and very fun to play when I'm around! 🌮 Good Very blurry and bad graphics. Plz fix the graphics like wingeria, donuteria, pancakeria I been playing this game on the computer in the past years, so I really enjoyed it. The updated is very fantastic, really love the graphics. Wonderful, keep it up, guys. Thank you. Controls difficult to use to get perfect score National taco day It's papa's taco mia on mobile. It's pretty much exactly what you might expect if you played any of the papa louie games back in the golden era of flash and that's a good thing. I did remove a star as the fact there's no ability to adjust the bgm and alarm sound separate from each other feels like a bit of an oversight on a modern mobile port, but don't get me wrong, it's still a great game. Good. I wanna refund the games after playing them. I absolutely love these games I own them all wish they would make more games.... here are some game ideas how bout seafood version soul food version Italian version dessert version please add more games from pc These have been some of my favorite games for a while. Decided to download on mobile recently. This game could definitely use an update, some of the graphics are pretty fuzzy. I love all the flipline studios games good morning I have always loved this game series and now i am glad it is on the phone Very disapointed. I payed 3 whole hard earned dollars for this, i expect to be able to custimse my character.. sloppy graphics as well. Pancakeria was much better. good love this game As was said in previous reviews the toppings station is too slow, it can be annoying especially when more customers arrive. Personally I like most other papas games better such as the burgeria. Isn't worth 2 dollars, maybe 1 dollar. great! super fun! Absolutely bloody fantastic. Russell Coight would rate it a 10! GREAT GAME. PLZ ADD PAPAS PASTARIA DONUTERIA CHEESERIA BAKERIA AND SUSHIRIA. maybe coming sooon they need to update the first part when the atore opens they need to fix that really love Papa's games! but please add android version of Papa's sushiria and Papa's donuteria.. that would be amazing 😁 very fun game, i will always play this every were i go ^_^ This is one if the best games in this franchise and I absolutely love it but two things are bothering me. One, why did you put a black olives poster that is new year themed if they are a halloween exlusive item, and two, can you move the brown rice next to the white rice please? i want a refund it wont load just bought the game and it won't even pop up waste of my money Love the all the Papa's Games. EXTREMELY FUN!!! But I was wondering if you guys are gonna put a version of Papa's Cheeseria on the Phone! Would be REALLY COOL! I wish I was being paid to make tacos this game i adored as a flash game, but the audio is just not of the standards of a regular app. its not worth the 2 bucks but it was a fun game on flash a couple years ago. its in need of a update to the Fx and audio BESTGAME EVER It's a good game for what it is, although I noticed a bug: when moving the meat on the stove, if I have already cut or flipped it, the indicators will turn back to red and blue respectively. Nothing major. Also, too little to buy in the upgrades section! By my 20th day, I already had nothing to do with the money, besides buy decorations. And while on that topic, there's also nothing to do with extra things. To wrap it up, I like the game, but the money seems kind of pointless right now. A bit harder to play and earn points, but still a good game. super addictive and fun. I just wish they were free. horrible game, wasn't able to get a refund!! don't buy this game!!!! The timing is a bit off. The toppings station takes too long, the rate customers enter at is a bit quick. In the desktop version I never get less than 90% for the wait score. In this game I only get about 75%. The more I play the more the topping station infuriates me! Having all of the options laid out like in the PC version is necessary, the scrolling side to side and not being able to see all the options at once doesn't work. It's way too slow and makes it much more likely to make mistakes. it to you It's not really worth 2 dollars, it's slightly boring. Playing on the PC is better than on the tablet/phone. How can i get my money back??? I like this game Fantasic. Technically perfect. Compared to playing it on the laptop it sucks... the graphics are horrible. It's so fun! I used to play it on my laptop and I came back to it, then I found out about the app and got it! Definitely recommend it! Great I loved the games Loved It! Loved it Tacos plus game awesomeness There's only one way to say this, but, I LOVE THIS GAME!!! Everything about  it, cooking, making customers happy, it's just so fun! Only one thing that  can improve this game further is different foods in one restaurant. For  this one, add enchiladas, tamales, taquitos, and quesadillas. That would  make this game so much more interesting, and fun, and the customers could  order different foods from one place. That would be awesome!!!!!!!!!!! I love all of their games. I wish there were more things to buy. This one  is my favorite of the games. I like the variety with the special orders. Flipline Studios is the greatest game brand EVER!!!!!! Amazing game! Has awesome graphics, easy to use, and a great time-passer Love the game, but have to agree with some users. Customers arrive very  fast, make it like in the computer. But anyway, thanks for an amazing game  at an amazing price. 😊 AWESOME GAMEPLAY Love this game but…if you don't mind I would lime a refund  I kinda want another game and don't have the money so refund please and  I'll love your games forever Love it LOVE LOVE LOVE IT. I just wish all the papa's game were on android. Please  give us all the different variety, give us more papa Can you add a prestige it will allow you to go back to day 1 but keep all  your upgrades and tips I love it😂 keep up the good work Can i refund the payment i accidently purchased this app now i cant refund  it can u pls refund this Tony and Matt should release a new app called, Papa's Souperia To Go, make  new customers like Derek, Mark, Belle and Chris. Plz?!?!? Great time killer but it just takes too long to cook I love this game I have almost all of these kinds of games I like this app but I do not like that it gives you a 68 if you get a 100!😕very intresting app though 🤔😮 Addictive game, Great time killer. I love everything about it Cool! Love it Good app Awesome game! Buy it!!!! It's just like going online and it's not glichy I think Flipline Studios games is really cool I play these games on Cool Math games but now I can take the mobily on my phone I don't have to use anything online it's weird that you have to pay money for it but it's okay 99 Cents won't hurt U I love all of these games it started when I started to cook sometimes and then I saw these games on Cool Math Games and I freaked out I almost wet my pants any way to conclude this I really love all of Flipline Studios games hey by chance maybe could you put Pancakery on App Stores that would be sweet okay sorry this is very long but you get the idea to actually could include really love the games bye!!!!!!! I love all the papa Louie games I just wish they had cheeseria on the go You guys should do papa's wingara This is awesome. On PC it lags but on phone no lag at all and it's really great and no internet connection needed which is awesome I love it you should buy this.I used Google play free 1 dollar code in my Gmail and got a another one so I got this game  EDIT: Can you please add the sushi game to the mobile so I can play it because it's the best cooking game I like It's awesome!!! Best cooking game out on the play store Fun game This game is amazing nothing else to say All The Food Looks Yummy!! It Is Very Fun And Addictive, But Please Add More Characters!! 😃 Love it. I am already good at multitasking as it is, but this game helps me get better at it. Good way to practice working like crazy, cuz the skill could save your job one day, if it's at stake. Only issue though sometimes the chicken in the pan disappears after I cut it. Though I'm sure it's just an issue with my phone. If it's not just my phone, it's an awesome game other than that. No updates since launch, resolution is weird with large buttons on the edges but low quality characters and food. Awkward to apply toppings. I really love Papa's series!! I want I can play another game series(dounereria,  pastaria..) at my phone I'm stupid Loved it Just like playing on the website on a computer I think that the game's overall quality could be improved, but this may be because it is mobile game. The UI on the toppings counter could really be improved as currently it is a mess. We were both young when I first saw you I close my eyes and the flashback starts Im standing there on the balcony in summer air See the lights, see the parties the ball gowns See you make your way through the crowd And say hello Little did I know That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles And my daddy said said stay away from Juliet Love this game and all the papa louie games I love this game The game itself is very good, but it would be better if the progress can be transferred from one phone to another. So if possible, please add that feature to all of the mobile games. I very very very very very love papa games!!!but papa' taco mia i not sure because i cook the chicken then, the chicken GONE!!!... Love all the papa's game! please make the cheese sandwich one it my fav 😁👍 Gud  Topping station needed to be improved I absolutely love all of the papa's games. I have bought all of them so far. I would really love if you add more papa's to Google play. Would definitely buy all of them. Almost as good as the one on PC, but I HATE the building station's controls.  It is slow and it has caused me to mess up tons of orders!  Please change this!  Other than that the game is as good as I remember. Great game, Flipline always do a good job This is epic especially because there's other games😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘 It's pretty fun. Wish there were more holidays. Omg I love these games!  There so fun to play.i have the pizza one and the burger and the sundie one. I hope u make more of these games. I give 5 stars Another great Flipline Studios game! Gucci mane There are glitches once you reach valentine's day... The bottom of the  red softshell doesn't show which doesn't effect much. But I started to play Rico's Chili works and there are whole sections of pipe missing...... A bit disappointing.... I still love the game! Nice Good game....👍 I think it's the best game I ever played but please do papas cheeseria :) I love papas games I love it baby Same game I was addicted to years ago...still challenging! Love it Have always been a fan of this game since computer version, so happy when they finally released papa's games series on Android. But where is Papa's Wingeria?? I'll definitely buy it when it comes out I love these games and would play them on the computer all the time. The only thing I'm looking for to make it 5 starts is that you add in the employee creation to the mobile one since we can actually save now. Big fan of the original tablet game. Just as big a fan of the To Go version. Slight learning curve on the topping controls but you get use to it. Addictive! Bluhhh I hate the topping station. Specifically I hate that I can't see all the toppings at the same time, I have to go searching for the one I want and it is klunky and obnoxious. I also own cupcakeria for mobile, and the topping station is the same there. Tough to keep up with multiple customers. I know that's kind of the point of the game but multi tasking is nearly impossible when one customer's ranking is taking over the screen while meat burns and customers wait. This game is not for me and I wouldn't say it's worth $5 while there are plenty of much better and practical free / freemium games out there. Reading the content of other reviews makes me think there's a good chance they were incentivized... People complaining yet still giving 5 stars. I feel duped. Love these games but hate that you can't transfer your levels over when you get a new phone or re download the app Hey I can't update my Papa's Freezeria. With your new Version. It's so sad Thank you!!!!! Tacomia was the first game i have played by you guys tysm!! I used to play this on Y8 .i really love it Welcome To Jay Pee's Speedway  Bluetooth Dive Inn I love all pap games Love this game!!! Bring back hotdoggeria.. Also wingeria pancakeria... Haven't tried the game yet though It will need some bug fix specifically on the grill, build, and chip station. I will say its an another success of flipline. Hate the top down topping container system but it just takes getting used to and being careful. Another great game by flipline. Things are always changing and you earn new items. It so great BEST GAME EVER!!! I really like the computer version, but this one is way more fun! At a cheap price as well! I love this Game, so cute, simple and awesome Hope u can make more game like these, i really want to play the Papa Cheeseria on Android. Hope u can make that for android too &lt;3 Why do people complain about the price? It's less than the price of a bag of M & M's! Plus the gameplay is in point. Awesome game. Please make more! Glad i got it only 99 cents Nice. Another great game by Flipline. I find the toppings a bit more tricky than in previous games, but it doesn't take away from the game very much. I love flipline thanks for the game I wish I could post 10 stars I love this game this was a great port of the original papas wingeria, the only thing wrong was i dont think you can play it on some of the newer phones Opening the app I was exited to begin playing through the seasons and holidays. I had known that the To Go! version had those things. But I was partially dissatisfied when I found out that none of the new content had been ported over. I don't understand why it was not brought to the HD. Especially if you had to pay more I would expect that. I would very happy if that was fulfilled and consider a 5 star rating. Until that though It's basically the same as the original. Love this game so much. I've been playing it non stop. I have loved these games since i was little and now that they are apps its amazing! One request though, could you please make the cheeseria into app?? I love it Its A Great Game! But Can You Please Make A Papas Wingeria to go??:) IT'S very fun and it makes you think. If you're new to this franchise it might take a while to get used this type of gameplay, but it is very worth it AMAZING I love how you can do a mess but still get money(it was worth 4,29) I play this game every day and I'm pancake week :) I love you It's an amazing game it has some cool customers Love it been playing these games for at last 3 years Good!!! Great time killer, bro. I love this game played it for a long time but now its really glitchy Amazing Pretty ok game, but I was disappointed by the fact that there are no holidays to play through. Because of that I don't really see much point in the themed decorations. I love the game play but I don't know why they have to cost money to buy it so expensive why can't they make it free make it free plz It is really fun I can't ever be bored on this game Its amazing I love it I recommend it to whoever likes these kind of games it really works. Good game I am a really big fan Papa louie games they are really fun He like it he play it every day The game isn't compatible with Google Pixel. Please fix this issue, or I'll be getting a refund. Love this game😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀 Its just shows the loading screen and the game doesnt show up i give this game 1 star because it just says loading for no reason I love the papa games their so much fun!!!😀 You can do amazing stuff! Like you can cook! I wish I give this ten stars! It's a good game but it could be Abel too save the game is way too  hard... this game is for people who like a challenge. I play all of em on the PC.would buy all if avalible. Why... I can't install it.. 😭😭😭😭 I love each and every papa louie game! I've been playing them on the pc for ages and I really hope they come out with all the other papa games! I'd buy every single one!! 😁 I loved it Great game but needs cloud save I LOVE IT. ITS LEGENDARY I love this game.. Please have a papa's Cheeseria in HD 😊😊👍👍👍 I love this game but how come it doesn't show the holiday.  Not a big deal but it's great.  Please add more papas games!(like cupcakeria, doughnuteria and cheeseria please!!! Wrong one opps fun game easy to play and makes time go by faster only thing is the customers only eat one wing then leave In the HD you can hire help and you CAN customize your person MAKE MORE AT SCHOOL YOU CAN PLAY THESE AT COOL MATH GAMES THERE IS A TACO ONE AND A WAY MORE PUT ALL OF THEM PLEASE You should make all the games together I wish you add the taco the pasta the hotdog and loads more from the Papas! Even my baby sister and my little brother love this game! App creators,please upload the pasta game and hot dog game to Google play store! Thank you! This game is so awesome and flipline please make more games for the ipad or i won't like you anymore. Awesome game pass time away My sister would like to now if you could make the hotdog game on HD so she can by it Go sag x ec I love this game so much! But can you make the pancakeria, taco, dounteria, cheeseria, pizzeria and the rest in HD? Please! I would buy all of them! All I want is a refund! Please It's very fun I couldn't get of it just you half to get it😛😛😛😛😛 Good game and who doesn't like wings Fun game. I play this the most of all the games. I also have bugeria kinda not that fond of it. Waiting on Cheesearia for the play store! I've played it on my pc but I need it for my tablet Why don't I get a refund?🙇🙇🙇😡😡😡😡😈😈😈😈😈😤😤😤 Please add seasons, otherwise the game is COOOOOOOLL!!! I dont know why I erased the game but now i love huh, weird right?... Anyone i love the game keep it um😈 I would definitely get HD only....  can you plz make the cupcake on in HD soon I would love to buy it but only if it is in HD. You need to add holidays. Works great. I love all the papa games. Can't wait for new ones. Love it Love the games, can't wait till the next one come out..like hot dog, or pancake, etc They should add an drink station bit Love this game Well made and super addicting I can't wait for the next game I hope it's the pancakeria or the cupcakearia those ones are my favorites It just is a bit of a bad game & will restart my tablet & never geting 5 stars I luv this game def worth the miney Love it Its really addicting A CHEF best game Makes me hugry I love this game but it keeps freezing up when trying to get the sauce in the pan ill give it 5 once it is easier tosauce the fiid without freezing up Ok THANK YOU!!!!* Grand My kids enjoying playing all papa's games. They want to know if your going to put the Doughnut  game up anytime soon? Thank you This game is amazing!!!!!!!! The wings are good the tofu is good the strips are good the shrimps are good the fillets are good, all of its good!!!! more PaPa's we need pasta and hotdogriea and tacoreia Love the way you can dress your characters it is the best the wing's and pizza are good but I't could need some wing sauce of Buffalo This game is the best game I ever got I kove this game Brilliant game love the hired helpers but it would be better to have 2 of them. It keeps on freezing my tablet The game is sooooooo fun and adicting. U can design your own character and I think when u get to level 2 or 3 u get a server which u can also design and he/she can help u a lot. So u should buy this game. It is sooooooo  much fun!!!!!!!!! Oh and can u also add papa's tacomia  or cupcakeariea. PLEASE!!!!!!!! I forgot to mention that u shouldn't belive the bad reviews. And that every 10 minutes an add pops up but the adds look fun Loved it Thanks  for  the  brilliant  game just to say  you  are amazing I jumped for joy when I heard that there was an Android version for one of my favorite games. I know the app is new, so I'm trying to remain patient with glitches and bugs. I hope that the game gets updated so it will work better on my tablet and be available on my phone! It is awesome But which they had the rest of the papas games too play. So get them plzz!!!! CANT GET A REFUND IT NEVER EVEN WORKED I didn't like the game as much as the computer and I think $3 is a lot and we should be able to get a refund! I would really like a refund!?! Amazing Love it awesome always recommend no problems. It keeps closing every time I try to play the game. I press the play button on it, but then it closes. Please fix! Yesterday, I was playing this on my pc and i saw:new for tablets,PAPAS WINGERIA:) Game started lagging on Samsung Galaxy S3. Now certain graphical objects arent visible and are black. Please help I enjoy all of the flipline series. However, the wingeria keeps restarting my tablet every time I go to open it. Someone please get back to me with a resolution and I'll update to 5 stars. Thank you. LOVE IT I didn't like the game and went get a refund....... then it didn't give me a refund! WTF! Wish they had the other games of papas love how yall think wish I was yalls game tester give yall 10.99 Great game easy to play however as I'm left handed when trying to put wings in can't see BC hand blocking me any chance left handed options pls Its smooth, great graphics, and awesome decor for lobby. Although, Id like to point out that theres a lil flaw in it. The medium Wingeria Table cost $100.00 compare to the Large wingeria table for 85.00 bucks. If there is a mix up, could you fix it please? I dont mind it, but its really weird in price range. This.is.a.real.good.good.game.6.stars.l.just.love.it.will.buy.more.have.good.day The graphics are great but the game on my device is laggy Favorite game :) Yay! Love Love these games keep It up Love it I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GAME. I was a fan of Papa's Games since 2015 when i played them on my computer. But now, since Flash is going to discontinue in 4 days, i wanted this game on my phone. I hate Tohru and I can't see the customer and the burger slider when I put high graphic Happy Halloween from my Verizon bill I love it One of my favorites to play THIS GAME IS SO ADDICTIVE PLEASE GET IT YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT A great mobile version, one of the best of the Papa's games. P A P A S W I N G E R I A T O G O !! I do very much like the game This one is a challenge I like challenge This game is pretty fun. Although I like the computer version better, this is actually pretty good. It can be a challenge for me sometimes, but when I do good, it feels rewarding. :] I love flipline studios'games they're all fantastic for all age people Love Wings So U Kno It a good game to play This game is so inertaning I love it i hope i like it Hope more updates to come! Lost my virginity to papa louie I got every customer in this game gold, and it's amazing. probably the best one they've ever made! Looking for I'm a big fan of cooking games, and boy do i love chicken wings! This so far is an awsome games! It's a great game I have been playing it on my PC since a long time and now on my phone .. it's just that it gets a little repetitive at some point .. like I am on rank 22 and now it's like a mundane relationship.. it has mini games in the middle too but a variety in it is required too .. I didn't like it this one was too hard lol and It had a glitch in it Ok Fun Absolutely love this version; originally played this on PC and the app version feels the exact same. Super fun! I absolutely love this game! It does take a little bit to get used to the game, but I recommend people give it a chance because it's well worth it. The graphics are awesome & I've never had any problems seeing the correct ingredients on the order tab. The game also runs fast&I've never experienced any glitches within the game. My only suggestion is to add a longer tutorial because this game is more challenging in terms of preparing the food & organizing it on the plate. Overall an awesome game! Wow so much fun There is a problem with the wing alarms. Very disappointing. Overall game is great. Great game! Good to ceep your mind off things Cool Stickers Awesome Game is exciting I want a refund nothing like the game on coolmath Its hard First thing: my screen froze on only 1 side(wing side) of the plate arranging station. Second thing: the saucing station is really tricky. Hard to keep track of multiple orders. I usually love the Papa's games; been playing since way back. This game was way easier on a PC with mouse control. Best game ever...also can you tell Taylor im sorry for giving him 1,026 wings...and uh also subscribe to Poofesure Super awesome and easy to use it's just like primary games 😍😍🤗😍🤩🤩🤩 I played this game ever since I was little on a computer. But now when I downloaded it is really awesome. But it does have problems with one is okay with but it's sometimes glitches. But it's still okay a good game to play. Asome game Fun I just got it a week ago already on day 83 Great game! love all papas games! You should make papas Cheeseria to go! I used to play that on the computer all the time! I really like the other papas games too! Please make to Cheeseria to go!!!! That would be so awesome! Also, you make the best cooking games ever! 😁😁😁 I hope that flipline continues to be successful!!! good This game is very cool i reccommend it! Very fun game to play with you and others I used to play this game everyday for a while on the computer, I don't like spending money on games but I thought it is worth it. And I still think that lol. When I see the critical ratings and the one star ratings my face be like "bruh" like why would you download it then say I want my money back, you could refund it before 2 hours. Also can flip line studios tell me how to make a 100 score point when I make the 8 chicken pieces on the other side of the plate? It's so hard 😂😅 Tasty fun This game is so fun thanks for creating this game I love it alot that I have more of these game😀 Kept freezing up I wanna refund Great game I love this game 🍗. Greatest game ever Bestt game love papa games I love this game, it's awesome. Can I have my money back love ittttt I love all the flipline games and this one is great too. The one thing that annoys me a little bit is the sauce section. I wish the sauce counter wouldn't start until after you've chosen the sauce because sometimes I accidentally press it right away. Also I think on the website version you can buy wet naps for when you move the wings on the plate, I'd kind of like that feature here too, because it made plating a little harder. i dont understand why the control ratings are so bad as this game has better controls then the HD/original and also people complaining about refunds are so stupid, on the play store, google only allows refunds within a few hours of purchase (2 i think) while the devs can give refunds later its a lot harder to do for a fact and also i love this version, the best version of wingeria. good on you tony and matt and continue to strive to bring every gameria to mobile 🙂🙂🙂 great I love your games thier the best games So here I am. I delete the game to make room for another game and because I wasnt getting the experience that I usually get. So, after I uninstalled the game, I checked google play and saw that I didnt get my money back. Are you really gonna do this to me flipline? Thats such a greedy move. Was a great game, but devs messed it up. Definitely one star. it sucked and it stole my money I could not refund it love this game it is worth the payment 😍 i want my money back this game is so bad dont download its nothing like the coolmathgame Good I like it Love it!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️ Awesome to play! Love this game! But I wish flipline would add seasonal special recipes. the controls are alot better then the browser version and in the last game with the scoops I had complained that they had taken out maple mornings but they included it in this game again so thanks I've been waiting for this for so long to come on phone. I really enjoy this so much. It's very fun. Thank you Flipline Studios I've wanted this game on my phone for years. *happy noises* good game epic was super fun and I already beat it THANK YOU SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO MUCH for re-releasing this!!!! It's my absolute favorite, and I've been looking for it for years! I love it and I love you! lol i like it I had trouble with the customers. they keep coming fast. they need to slow down a bit it so makes me hungry for life put the dounutria pls great this is a very fun game since yesterday especially the other games fun I love this game I have played the first 4 days and it was fun thank you flipline studios I've waiting for this game so long! A good adaptation of the original desktop version although some things could be changed. First of all, I'd rather that Xolo was a closer like in the original game so please change that and can you make getting a perfect easier Great game to pick up for a dungeon runs. Love the original music. Best game I've bought on android. Love the game, only drawback is that I'm missing part of the screen (can't see the gold and runes I find) Had same issue with screen initially even though full screen app was turned on.... Realised by some tinkering had to have notch shown for the app specifically in a separate setting on phone. Works fine now. The soundtrack is amazing Very fun game. The songs are the best! Not very fun Fun, works well Resolution isn't correct. The UI is cut off. Can not see the entire character details in a dungeon or even the gold total at the guild screen. Great game, just wish yall would adjust the screen size, the UI doesn't all fit on the screen. Great game. Really fun. Fun game. Have it on PC as well. The Android port is very good. The card draw seems a bit unfair sometimes, but other than that I don't have any complaints. I love this game! It made long nights sitting and nursing my infant so fun! Thank you! This is really fun. Worth it, it's a great introduction to deck building. Enjoy it, but the screen is either offset or too large to properly appear on my Galaxy 10+, so you can't actually see opponent's hand with predictable or tell how much gold you actually have. 2 stars for the lack of updates or bug fix. Can't even see the entire screen. Great game btw !!! Fun game but screen doesn't fit. I wish I could see my money amount or the stuff on the right hand side. But there is no way to fix the resolution and it does not fit my phone. One of my favorite apps, good game play, great progressions, and no in app purchases. Unfortunately I seem to be having problems with a switch to a Pixel 5 from a Pixel 2 with the aspect ratio. A small bit of the screen is cut off. Truly the best deck builder I've ever played on my phone. As a mobile version of a PC game, this game looks fantastic and is a bargain at any price. ARE YOU HAVING DISPLAY ISSUES? On your phone, go to settings, display settings, full screen apps, and add Guild of Dungeoneering to the list. Problem solved. I haven't played enough of the game to review it, but I hope you see this if you're having issues. Neat card battler with a dungeon building mechanic. Getting your dungeoneers to walk in the right direction is an interesting puzzle! Amazingly fun time Great Screen size is jacked up on Galaxy s10. Super disappointing. Immediate and fun, but not without depth. Recommended! Great game! Very fun to play, especially in short bursts. I'm giving this only two stars though, because the game has display problems. The right side of the screen is cut off, and I have read from others that this is a known issue. I used the "contact developer" option in the play store, and got no response. This would otherwise be a five star title. This game is so fun but the my only problem is that some times it freezes and I have to quit and come back in please fix this i love this game I love this game from it's graphics style to the gamplay but it crashes after every 3rd match or so and I have to fully restart the app to play it again and it takes awhile to load some times which wouldn't be a probably for me if the game didn't crash so much...if it gets fixed I would give it 5 stars but until then I'll leave a 1 star Because while I lose my sanity during the apocalypse, I want to know ill be entertained the entire way. This game does that and keeps the laughs coming:) A fun game that adapted well to mobile. I own this game on steam as well as mobile, and discovered that I actually prefer it on my phone, given that it lends itself well to start and stop play. A few minor UI issues, that more likely are due to my phone than the developers, but none so glaring as to make the game unplayable, or even be a nusence. Well worth the cost The game seems fun. But it only shows a portion of the screen for me. Very annoying. Good and surpisingly tricky Initial Impressions: Humor is a 10 so far, and art style a 9 (love the graph paper pencil look). Not sure on mechanics yet. But I`m posting this because I have literally LOL twice and I'm just ten minutes in. Great game. Unfortunately it no longer fullscreens properly on my phone, leaving the right side slightly cut-off So fun I really wanted to try this game. It looked like it would fit very well into my gaming taste. But alas the game would not even open on my Moto Z3 and would crash on start-up. I uninstalled and redownloaded it, restarted my phone, made sure my memory and ram were good but nothing worked. Pity. This game is a pure treat. The dialogue (yes read those pages) and music is funny, enjoyable, and almost always manages to bring a smile. The only issues I've ever experienced is it's crashed on my older phone before (could just be the phone was super old), and once I moved to the Google Pixel 4A, the screen has a cut off issue on the right hand side. If that could get fixed that would definitely put this at a 5 star perfect score without a doubt. Keep it up! abandoned game. Still has not been optimized for galaxy s 10. I had this came on previous models, but playing it on my S10 is a nightmare! I can't see the full screen, so it is pretty much unplayable right now. I hope it can be patched so I can get back to it! Great game, especially if you don't always have an internet connection. -1 Star because there is no option to prevent it from stretching which cuts off corners This game is a 5/5 played it before on pc. Gave it a 4/5 only because i cant see the far right of the screen. optimize it please i beg of you. Excellent potential and wicked replayability aspect to it, however, consistent crashes on my Alcatel Android phone are a nuisance. Hope this issue is fixed with an update of some sort so that I can increase the rating I've given! Love this game! I was so excited when it became available on tablet! Design is perfect and beautiful, every detail, colors well thought. Love gameplay, humor and soundtrack! Also appreciate no adds or microtransactions. When you take the app to the background and restore it, nothing renders good again. The screen is cut if your phone has a notch. Please fix the issue. Thanks! Great game, but on a galaxy s10, as said before, the game bleeds over the edge of the screen so you cant tap the runes easily, you cant see how many you have and you cant see enemy cards when they have predictable. Excellent game with room to grow It isn't optimized to my screen. The left part of the game is cropped. Fun gameplay, a little let down by its heavy reliance on RNG Extremely fun and funny. Just the card game I was looking for. Loved on pc and now i love i can play anywhere. ♡ It's a great idea just way to random after a point and no longer feels like you lose because of lack of skill rather because the cards screw you over. Such a perfect artful and fun game.ore please :) Playing on a pixel3xl a small amount of the screen is cut off. It's still playable if you know what you are doing though Hands down one of the best of it's genre, this game is fun and original in a timeless manner. A personal favorite that makes me wish for more from this developers. I wanted to take a paragraph dedicated specially for the soundtrack... Don't you dare skip a song or ignore the sound, this game has love put into it in every detail. - Thanks for the game Looks fun and well made. But it's text heavy and most of the text is too tiny to read. Decent game but the port to mobile is to bug for my screen so I cant actually see currency. If there is a fix will change rating. There is a setting for bigger screens, but nothing adjustable or no way to move the currency info. Bummer. Great fun I have it on all platforms. PC Steam Apple and Android Great game but it doesn't fit onto the screen of my galaxy s20. If you could adjust the resolution somehow I would give 5 stars! Corny humor, but cute. A nice time-waster. had it a few years ago on phone, got new android tablet and DLed it - stands the test of time. Great game, they fixed a problem with the screen being cut off on phones with a different screen ratio than 16:9 A very good mini deck builder. It has great humor and is simple to pick up and play. Well worth the price Unfortunately, the right part of the screen is cut off, so not playable for me. Great game, but it does not fit in my note 10+ screen. The right hand side where the setting button and other buttons are cut off. Problem on Galaxy S10 where the screen cuts off on right side. Can't see current gold. Fantastic light dungeon crawler, with enough progress to make to keep you interested! Kind of a shallow xp, it doesn't really give you a lot of possibilities or gameplay variety for the price it asks for. Really great game. Worth the price of admission. Enough depth to keep me engaged. I bought expansions. Great job devs. I want more... Great game. An excellent and simple full featured game. Enjoyed it a lot, fine specimen of deck builder roguelike The screen is cut off by a little bit! I'm using a note 10+ pls fix this This game is pure class. Loved it on PC, love it on mobile. Great story, graphics, sound and gameplay. I genuinely can't think of anything bad to say about it. Very fun deck building game with a good balance of strategy and humor! I find myself challenged, but never frustrated. So cute! I like that I don't need sound to enjoy the game, but the music and the narration are hilarious. I also like that I can easily play for just a few minutes, perfect game for the phone. I really like the bard and every tiny equipment shown on the character model. Really worth the price. Great game, terrible port. I love this game on pc and was excited to play it on mobile but it seems to me that the port was down quickly and lazily. No ui scaling, controls are usable but not perfect and the viewport is cut off as no effort was made to account for bezels. Satisfying trial amd error, with learned strategy. I saw this early and always wanted it. Knew what I was buying. My only problem is that the screen is offset to the right . I kind of had to get past that before I got into the came. Someone should tell the developers to fix. Excellent game, small bug. Would be five stars but if I put my phone on sleep while the app is open the screen is just flat gray when I turn it back on and I have to restart the app to get back to normal. Sometimes when you minimize the app, most assets are black when re-opening. We love this unique card game. Easy to learn. Strategic gameplay. No pestering you with micro transactions. Check it out on PC through Steam. Can be a bit repetitive, but still very enjoyable despite that. Fun but short. Brilliant game. My favorite crawler Great game, has potential to become so much more. Looking for more games like this. I had to restart my phone (pixel 2 stock Android 10) before the game would work. Once it did work I loved it. Might be the best mobile game I've played. Fantastic game, need more games of this calibre on Mobile. Addicting game! Be ok with dying! Fun game, terrible port Very simple and weirdly addictive game. But it gets repetitive quickly and the new characters don't really add dynamism. I really just wanted to finish it for the sake of it but not because there was anything compelling. Fun, but once you've played a few dungeons the combat seems very repetitive, as you'll gravitate to the same loot choices and use the same character types and strategies to advance the plot. Doesn't cloud save progress, so when you upgrade your phone, you'll have to start over. I can't see part of the display on my cell phone screen. Good fun little game, excellent time sink. My device started crashing out to desktop periodically but adjusting detail level down massively helped. Recommend higher spec devices! Good time fun casual game. Brilliant twist on the classic roguelike. Great game, but slightly glitchy. When opened, the game doesn't fit my phone screen properly, so there's a portion on the right that I can't see at all. It's cut off. :( please help. Fantastic tactics based game with a phenomenal Soundtrack. The game is one that's easy to pick up and play but difficult to master. It's a rogue-like dungeon master game and definitely something I've never before seen done. The songs in-between play throughs are one of my favorite parts as they're short bard-like rhymes with hilarious lines. Overall, this is a AAA game with endless replay value. I'd love to see a multiplayer component worked in to add a significant challenge. Brilliantly adorable gimmick with the Bars/Narrator. Simple enough to enjoy a quick game on break, or binge for the evening. Definitely worth the money. Glad the aspect ratio was fixed for certain phones. Loved this game on pc and I'm glad I can finally play it on my phone. Awesome game!! Formatting is slightly off the screen on a Samsung Galaxy S10+. Been trying to get into this game again on a new phone (Samsung A20s), but the screen is unoptimized for my screen. It's placed a bit to the right and you can't see the amount of gold you have while playing. I know this is an older game, but I'm sad I can't run it properly :( Only video game i bought for phone and is worth it A great RPG. Rounds are short and failure is not overly punishing. Also I like the artstyle. Addictive time filler. I love the game i just wish there was more items to unlock I realky enjoy the game, but on the Galaxy s10 the resolution is odd and is shifted off the screen so I cant see my gold I just changed my phone and the screen is now being cut off to the point that I can not see the dungeon objective. Is there a fix for this? Otherwise, love the game. This is a winner. Great game that doesn't make you pay to play or win. More please! Really enjoyable game, ideal for commutes. My only gripe is that for some reason some of the elements like the amount of gold I have seem to hang off the side of my screen making them unreadable. Very good mobile game. Rgn based so if you dont like that stay away. Songs and art alone are worth the asking price though Cuts off the side of the screen on my s10. :( shame. I played this game a long time ago on pc so i had to try the mobile version and its still great on mobile. It's a good game Wonderful game. And the music top notch Will make 5 star once the Scaling patch fixes pixels 3 and Huawei pro 20 After upgrading to a new phone I discovered two things: one is that this game doesn't have a cloud save feature. This means I need to restart, but the worst is that the game doesn't seem optimized for a 19.5:9 aspect ratio, which means that certain UI aspects in the game are almost completely obfuscated. Excellent game! Been playing on the train to and from work and the time just flies! This game is really easy to pickup and hard to put down at your stop. Really clear concise controls, an easy to learn combat system, sometimes your dungeoneers can be a little silly in which way they want to run during a boss chase, but thats just part of the fun, The charming art style and unique addition of a Bard that comments on all your successes and failures gives it so much character. Highly recommend! Loved the entire experience Brilliant little game with a fantastic sense of humour. Easy to pick up and play, lots of fun, challenging and great art style. Oh, and the soundtrack is awesome 😁 Awesome fun game, keeping my attention Not an Awful Game Kept my attention for a couple weeks so far. Update: I've finished this game ten times and it's still fun. Absolutely love the game, just needs a backup data option. Fair but fun I have this on my computer and love the humor, the gameplay, and the replay value. What a great game... Just part of the screen is cut off right side, with no fix as far as i can tell, on the Pixel 3 XL. Gonna have to give 1 star as it doesn't fit the screen of the p20 pro, it's really frustrating that there's no option to shrink play area to fit my screen Awesome 👍 Great game to burn time. If you like card games and some RNG then this is your game. Update: Unfortunately the game doesn't fit the screen of my S10+ and cuts off some of the right side of the screen. Will leave at 1 star until fixed This game is awesome. You could get several hours of entertainment out of this game. the controls are, I daresay, better than those of the computer version. Just want more content!!! I've unlocked everything and just want a fun way to keep playing something interesting! Would love to rate high love the game just started but it's great. Only issue is I have the Samsung Galaxy Note 10 and the right of the screen gets cut off in game. Any way to fix in my end or an update from devs would be great. Lots of fun. Bit of a difficulty spike towards the end if the base game but overall it's a lot of fun and extremely charming. This is a great idea let down by a horrible progression system, a difficulty curve that starts at a point of inaccessibility and an overall unsatisfying experience. The charm and humour that got me to putchase the game couldn't save it from being uninstalled out of sheer frustration. Unfortunate. Fun game. Unfortunately left side is cut of with my phone. A great and beautiful day, I'm having a problem with the screen size of the game. I can't see what's on the rightmost side, I even tinkered with the options and nothing changed. I don't know what's in the rightmost side of the screen but I know that there's something there because I can spot half of the loading shield and the corner of an icon. Love the game wish it was more replayable on previous levels but otherwise fun to play. I really enjoy the music and the dark humor. I really like the expansion of your guild and the quests. Its challenging and fun to play all year round! please fix screen cut off with s10+ amazing game just like on steam . However, on my phone (redmi note 7) the side where you see how much money you have and all that is cut off and theres bo way of fixing that :c. Aside from that love the game! P Just great fun and a bundle of laughs Can't see everything, screen is off center, Galaxy S10. Makes the game unplayable because I can't see everything or even touch icons that are off screen. Love this game. I can play it for hours Fun lil game, worth every penny. Very tough. Had to go into developer options and adjust settings related to the "notch" in the display (PIXEL XL3) all on my own, without any help from customer support. But this fix did enable me to play the game normally. As for the game, I wish the early classes didn't become obsolete as the game progressed, but otherwise it's a pretty entertaining game. charming Love this game it's entertaining and when i got used to the mechanics it was even more fun. I would want to rearange my guild house and to be able to do old quest, even tough i would gain nothing from it. Does NOT work properly with the Edge and similar phones with curved screens. Interesting game but some of the options on the side of the screen are cut off on my pixel 3 making some actions impossible. Would give 4 stars if this issue is fixed. Edge of the screen is cut off on Essential Phone. seems like it doesnt handle tbe notch correctly. 6 dollar game and doesnt even fit on my s10 screen and it seem on alot other phones as well don't even want to play it now refunding within 5 mins starting. Devs need to get it together. the screen is cut off. it doesnt worl. pretty cool game i have it on PC but prefer it on mobile i bought this game yesterday and now i cant play. says error 1009 /update labels() Fun but buggy I own this on pc as well as on my phone, its amazing that the app comes with dlc and i recommend this game completely and if its on sale, its a must buy. Seems like a great game, but even with the option for large screens checked the entire right side of the game is off screen and unaccessible. Unable to play because the screen is cut off on the Pixel 3 XL Easy to pick up, intuitive, helpful popups, fun gameplay! The right screen is being cut off, i cant see my gold. Please fix it, im using mia2 lite, update: giving 1 star because i read the reviews, the problem has not even fixed since last year I like this game but it doesnt fit my phone screen properly, the settings tab is barely visible at the top right Great game but terribly optimised for mobile Such a great game and it's honestly better on the phone than the PC. great music, engaging gameplay, and great artwork. if you like "The Bards Tale" you'll love the narration! make sure to do the ice cream levels and get the monk! he's awesome! Decent port from PC (apart from minor problems with resolution scaling, varying from model to model). It comes with additional DLCs already so that's nice. Fun game. Game has never been updated to work on screens with a notch. Cannot access right side of screen because it renders off screen. so far the game is fun, but I feel I am missing some things as the right side of the screen is cut off. I am on galaxy S10 e, and I've read many reviews dating a few months back with the same problem. I really hope to see it fixed so I can enjoy the full game I paid for, and can hopefully update my review for higher stars Great game. Honestly? Cute game with ties to DnD, munchkin and strategy. Worth the purchase 100% and I'm hoping they come out with more content and games. Right of the screen cropped out on Samsung S10e. If it is ever fix, might buy it back to play. Played on OnePlus 6T, UI is cut off on the right edge of the screen. screen cutoff on galaxy s10+, so some ui elements aren't visible. if the game handled the aspect ratio of the device it seems like it would be fun. Decent game, no pay to win. But nothing much to win either. I would highly recommend to make events and goals to ppl to focus more. Lost 10 hours of my life completing this on steam. More than happy to do it again on the go. great card game. hoping for more adventures. fun but doesn't fit fully on my screen good game in theory, but the screen is cut off on the right side making parts of the game unplayable. emailed the dev and didn't get a response. Great deckbuilder with original mechanics ... GLORIOUS Wonderfully done, and highly advised play. As you sit on your throne, you watch your adventures wear their goofy gear and die for your entertainment. Never played anything like it. the game us fun for a rouge light type of game, not too complicated and not too punishing. But its heavy reliance on RNG elments, although a central part of the game, can leave a person with a lot of frustrated hours as mission get longer and longer. Wiah you could save the data to a cloud service so you can transfer game data to different devices. you can't play it on a pixel 3 xl, it cuts off the important stuff Much like any card-draw-battle game it relies heavily on luck in order to beat baddies. Still... it does require some planning and strategy, but your choices do not mean too much in the way of defeat or victory. Going in with that knowledge however it's a great game to pass the time and despite the RND it does make you feel good for beating up the harder bosses. Doesn't fit on my screen (Pixel 3 XL). Cuts off the right edge of the screen. I remember buying this game on steam. i thought it was fun and theb I put it down after an hour since there were bigger titles that i just HAD to play. But this is the perfect setting for this game with lots of depth to its mechanics. simple yet elegant, Guild of dungeoneering is a game about deck building and rouglike dungeon crafting. You place down tunnels and halls as your character waltzs through a simple or elaborate dungeon all the while looting, stabbing and blasting. TL;DR great game A rare gem on the mobile game market. A good port that includes all the expantions of the PC version Fun and enjoyable. took some stars off because it doesn't display correctly if your phone has a notch (gets wrong screen size) Dungeon crawling card battler where the class you pick and the gear you equip determine the cards in your deck. Very polished with real character. Worth every penny, hope more DLCs are in the future! This game is what i needed. A game with no grinding built in so you are forced to spend money on microtransactions. This game was made to entertain you, not to make you spend as much money as possible. It breaks my heart that I can't reply the missions I've already beaten. Even if I didn't receive a reward it would be awesome to try out different builds and strategies without being stuck trying to do so on more difficult missions later on. I'd like a casual playthrough with unfamiliar characters and strategies occasionally without worrying about risking one if my more built and veteran characters, but when you're down to level 2 and 3 dungeons it doesn't leave to much room to play around. it's a clever game that reminds me of board games I used to create. It makes me want to create more. I like the art, the characters, and the overall design. I absolutely love the music- I honestly think it's the best part. The quests are unique, funny, and challenging. Hopefully this game continues to expand. I have so many ideas on how it can grow. I wish I worked for the company. I'm excited to keep playing though! Do not get this game, the screen will not resize and the game will be unplayable. You will not be able to get your money back and will be ripped off. great game. glad to have it on my phone as well as on my PC. A surprisingly tricky roguelite with a quirky theme and art style. The narration is excellently voice acted. every thing is grest except the screen is cut off missing paets of the ui. Huawei p30 pro. seems others have this problem and no fix yet. I really enjoy playing this game. Its fun, creative, and easy to pick up and learn how to play. I do have one problem that's come up recently, however. For whatever reason the pathing has bugged out, for the most part. The dungeoneers won't go towards the enemy they're supposed to even if theres loot, a higher/lower lvl enemy, etc. Anywho keep up the good work Frustratingly fun for everyone Have the game on PC and love it. But like all the other 1 star reviews, this game does not fit my phone(Samsung S10). If you want this game make sure you have the biggest screen size phone they make. Otherwise this is a waste of time. Thank goodness for refunds and reviews. Very fun, saves regularly so it getting automatically closed in the background isn't a big deal. An undo button would be even better, but still a great little game as is. love this game! definitely one of my favorites! I would rate higher but the screen is clipped by a few millimeters on my Oneplus 6 so I cannot see gold amount and anything else on the right side of screen. I emailed devs but no response. A fun little card-based roguelike with a neat sense of humor and pretty good music (worth playing with the volume on for a while at least). Gets a little samey after a while, and you quickly reach a point where buying upgrades is more about adding a little variety than increasing your odds of winning. But I also like that it's not complicated, and it's very easy to pick up. This game walks a fine line, and mostly does it very well. Just delightful. The game is too large for my phone and cuts off 20% of the right hand part of the screen. The gamr has no way to change the aspect ratio in the option, so your gameplay will be hampered until this problem is fixed. I was skeptical of this game at first. The graphics weren't great, and it seemed to be overpriced for such said graphics. Upon playing it, though, I've had a change of heart. it's got a fun factor and sound track that waaaayyy more than make up for it. 5 stars. This game is a diamond in the rough. not fitting on an S10 screen even with the big screen option. fun but short. there are only 4 levels per round (sounds weird but it makes sence). monsters are unique, challenging and laying out the dungeons is fun. decent time killer A real game on mobile sadly a rarity. Support don't reply to their customers. Screen size is incorrect on Android 9 Trying to play on a Samsung A50 but the right side of the screen is cut off. The game is fun otherwise. bring out another game like this or more expansions. this was awesome fun. played through twice It's not often a game appears that hooks me in. I have this now on my phone, Windows and Mac. The idea is simple, explore a Dungeon generated by cards in your hand, rooms, treasure, monsters. Then let your dungeoneer find them. Each dungeoneer has a deck, so does each monster. Luck and memory will help you defeat each, and if your dungeoneer dies, a new one is willing to go in. No adverts, wicked humour, and music. Get this. Please do another expansion. this game is great the only complaint i have is on the s10 the right side of the screen gets cut of some looked fun. had to refund the game because half icons were hanging off the screen inaccessible on my galaxy s10e. Just buy it..beg them to take your money! You won't regret it! almost a five star; does not behave well with S10 full screen mode. I suspect its due to the pinhole camera on-screen, and would behave similar on other notched devices. nice difficult luck based card drawing game Great audio and graphics, wonderful time sink. awesome game I would love to keep playing this wonderful, creative game but it crashed very soon after I started it. I would have rated it a 5 if not for all the times it locks up. That is basically how I stop playing, when it locks up. Interesting experience. Love the combat system and the card mechanic integration. A friend recommended this to me. what a fun little game. if you like RPG or deck building games then you will like this. It has some strategy and skill is required. Best of all it's not a silly grind because it's not p2w. It will make ya laugh as well. Well done devs! keeps crashing... I have a Pixel 2 XL and every time im playing, after about 5 minutes, it freezes and crashes its fun otherwise, but i cant play like i want to. s10 cant view the whole screen. parts missing. love the game. With the explanations with the cost, great deal Very relaxing game. Great game at this price point. Simple, nice to look at, pleasant sense of humour, highly addictive. Can get a bit repetitive, and the mechanics aren't explained very well, but it's hard to resist just having one more go at a tough level. Great to have something to play while offline. This game is really fun and cleverly done. Unfortunately the right edge of the game is off the screen on my Pixel 3 XL because the game doesn't deal with the notch very well. I'll happily upgrde my rating when this issue is fixed. EDIT: The workaround for the display issue is to hide the Display Cutout, which is in Developer Options (Google how to enable them). Still only 3 stars until the developer fixes this. So. damn. good. Reminds me of Darkest dungeon, slay the spire and boss monster whilst still being entirely original! Love all of the mechanics, and whilst the tutorial stops a bit short the UI and gameplay is self explanatory enough to work it out. I like that it is possible to make (albeit limited) progress even when falling missions so that grinding is possible but not necessary. Also props to the bard and whoever wrote his lines they really add a nice touch! so good! There is just too much randomness in this game for me to give it any more than 3 stars, I don't mind randomness in turn/card based games, really, I don't, but the scars can be to brutal, if an adventurer ends up with a - 1 to hp he/she is done. That also brings up the second thing, which is that hp is way to op of a stat, and ranged is way to strong, the ability to attack first is pretty much a must in so many battles. It's fun, but almost feels like a game in its early stages, and it's 3 y old Really great game I did enjoy. I will welcome longer version or next part :) 1 time purchase is hella nice fun game Finds a great depth of experience for a mobile game. Great to pick up and play for a few with some decent depth of strategy. Works okau on a not very great phone (entry level Samsung from 2016) the overall mechanics of the game are really good. it would be good if there was more to guild and character development though..the guild is pretty linear and not really any challenge to build..with dungeoneers being able to choose battlescars or prehaps getting some level development chioces and some random negative scars would help to make character development more interesting..prehaps all new characters should start as chumps and you could choose classes as they grow. Fun role playing game and great and funny plotlines+hilarious thing that the little dudes say I bought this on steam when it first came out and had a computer break so i never played more than 10 hours unfortunately. Imagine my excitement when I saw it was for sale on the play store, with both expansions included, the game is amazing and I can't recommend it highly enough. pixel 3 xl. as others have mentioned, grapics off screen side I'm constantly on the hunt for meaty premium games. I want to pay once and then just focus on enjoying the experience. Guild of Dungeoneering fit this bill perfectly. It is a mobile game with paying for. Good game. But i found it to easy, repetitive and not deep enough. Graphics are ok, but that's irrelevant to me anyway. The game needs a dark theme, so we can save on battery in oled screens and so that it's easier on the eyes A game so good I had to get it on my phone after having it on PC for years! hard but fun Fun game lots of fun the game is very fun just amazing, stop looking for a negative review. Just grab the game already, the music alone is awesome it is great cute little game, that you play the same the same, on your way to fame. Fun game, but it severely needs a dark mode. I have this game on PC and was excited to see it come to mobile, however, the screen is cutoff on the Pixel 3 XL, making the game unplayable (you can't access any rune actions).  I'll give it a shot in another few months and update my review if anything changes, but it's trash right now. Fun game. Long load times and crashes often on the guild screen. Especially when looking at the different dungeoneer stats. A fun little time waster with quirky dialogue and a lot to unlock. My only small criticism is that gold seems to be a bit hard to farm. Even when you try to farm as much as you can during an untimed quest. While the game is fantastic the right side of the screen is cut off because it is too long. I have a Pixel 3XL so there should be no reason why this happens. i took another star away because production is unresponsive and has not adressed the issue thay has been mentioned multiple times. Pixel 3 XL screen cut off like many. Refunded. I'd love to try again if they ever fix this but it doesn't look likely. when it works fine its amazing but had a few problems here and there plus tweet at devs for help for quickest reply plus they are really helpful if you have a problem just dont go through publisher Fun game, but lots of rng (which I suppose is the point)i have a problem though, I built an upgrade (under expand guild) then had to abruptly quit the game before placing the structure (workshop). When I logged back in, the gold was gone and I had no way to place down the structure and get the character from it Can the devs help me out? fun game with interesting mechanics, happy I paid a little to avoid the so called 'free to play experience' so common elsewhere Unable to play. can't get past the title screen and cant click any options LOVE this game ( just wish it was a bit more variety) great game at a great price. highly recommend!!! It's not inspiring me to play more then 4 minutes. great game, no IAP. The game play is great just like it is on my computer. However itis larger than mu screen by just enough to be absolutly annoying. I cannever see how my gold I have or how much fate. Fix this and it is an easy 5 Star. Game itself is a blast. However on Galaxy S10 the screen gets cut off on the right side. Which is a problem since there are menus there, gold amounts, etc. Sadly I can't flip the phone around to rotate it so that the left side gets clipped instead. Good game, bad task switching. Whenever i hit the power button on my phone to lock it while this game is running, the game doesn't render 90% of the screen when i come back. Usually just shows the dungeoneer, one or two labels, and nothing else, which ruins combat. I can force-close the game and re-enter, but it's a real pain. (On a OnePlus 6T) It works okay if i hit the home screen first, but I'm not used to doing that, so i keep mashing the power button and having to reload the game. Single and yet really deep. An amazing game with no hidden costs and a very fun combat system. I tried it cos I was tired of games where you have to send hundreds to stay competitive but in this you can kill just as many hours while still having great fun. the font size is too small =( people that are complaining that this game relys too much on rng either don't know hoe to play the game or have never played a rogue like rpg before. Guild is an engaging and challenging game thatwith a fair amount of strategy behind it def worth the money Fun mechanics, good humor, doesn't get stale A true five star game. Rare gem. very cool game guys. i usually don't buy games out right but this one is totally worth it! great game play, good graphics, and all round fun! if you are looking for a good game to play this is one i highly recommend. Haven't had this much fun with a game in a long time. Filling up my graveyard with chumps and dearly beloved warriors has never been so great. Would have liked it but right side of screen cuts out. (Huawei p20) Refunded Game seems neat, but in the pixel 3 xl it extends past the screen on the right and there are things over there I can't quite see, which is annoying. Great fun, cool premise & game mechanics. Loses one star as it tends to stop working when backgrounded and you try to restore it. Already played the pc version. glad i can play it on mobile. bravo! Screen doesn't scale properly for Pixel 3. Probably a deal breaker for most unless fixed; cant read stats and other details on GUI. this game is great. lots to do, deep strategy amd pretty tongue-in-cheek funny. Works nearly flawlessly on Android; the controls are polished and intuitive. The gameplay, of course, is a delight, balancing depth and elegance. Tonally, the darkly humorous style keeps a very real measure of levity in the experience, so you never feel crushed by a defeat. Easy to pick up and play but worth putting hours into. Very fun! Challenging but not too hard. Many options on how to play the game. Not optimized for Galaxy 10e // buttons off screen Although a really nice game I have problems on my Huawei P20 Pro seeing the whole screen. The right hand side of the screen is cropped at the edge. a few crashes here and there. but its good to have on the go seeing how i also have the PC version. just hope the keep up to date with the PC version too and have much more content too. Please fix screen cutoff on Pixel 3 XL... addictively fun and challenging Great at first, but once you figure it out you can breeze through a lot of it with one particular class and it starts to get monotonous. Then later the difficulty spikes without warning and it seems like you need to have the cards fall just right to win. Then you have to keep replaying the same levels and it gets even more monotonous. Loved it for a week. Now I'm uninstalling. Very enjoyable game. Has a fun style with controls that are simple and intuitive. The game is mostly a card game, but allows you to play with different characters and equipment (give different cards) allowing for different play styles. There is definitely a bit of "luck" mostly at the start of each level, but even if you character dies it is still fun and enjoyable. love but a bit of grind. save a bit of in-game cash for higher level items Great pick up and play card RPG. Well written and full of character. Worth paying for. I usually avoid card games like the plague but I enjoyed this thoroughly. Difficulty ramps up nicely but I will say once you get the cartomancer it becomes trivial, card storm is an absurd ability. Not optimized for newer phones, but still fun to play. game doesn't fit on the screen. I have a galaxy S10. please fix for better score. Overall Rating: 8/10. The game is fun and has plenty of content to justify the price tag IF you enjoy games like this. More or less the biggest complaint I've seen is how reliant on good rng it is. This is very much the case in the beginning but as you progress it becomes more important to pick the right Dungeoneer for the job. This requires sacrificeing a chump or two but hey, whoo cares about those guys anyways? If you like difficult games and don't mind praying to RNGesus this is a good game. had to refund. cut off side of screen. could be great if that gets fixed Great fun, can play at my own pace, 10 minutes here, an hour there. No microtransactions, just good solid gaming! great card dungeon ramdom generated crawler Amazing amazing everything about this game is awesome, keep explanding the game please! Lacks balance, hope you like losing a lot with no forward progress it's a good game. No ads or mobile nonsense baked in. Worth every penny. I am absolutely loving this game,  love that it is a full game (no adverts) uses fun animations and is a card game! Great game with one massive flaw: after you lose a higher level hero you're looking at having to level a new one up in a 2+ dungeon Game is not stable, it crashes constantly. a very adorable and deceptively brutal card based dungeon crawler. the rng can be really unforgiving or entirely in your favor which can suck but, like darkest dungeon, the heroes dont matter. Well worth the buy. Once the concept of the game clicks it is a ton of fun. Great PC port Side of screen is cut off on Poco F1 good gameplay, but sometimes hangs in a way that suggests OOM when hitting power button with the game running Fun game but a small portion of the right side of the screen is cut off on my galaxy S10. be 5 star once fixed. Viewing Issues I'm really enjoying the gameplay; but I have the Pixel 3 XL, and the game is cut off on the right side. please fix? Great game, very challenging. A large chunk of the screen is cut off on the right side because the developers did not account for the notch on my OnePlus 6, one of the best gaming phones on the market. Come on, guys. Seriously rookie mistake. Fix it. This is an incredibly fun game that is well done, the bard singing is a great touch. Worth the money completely, I can't stop playing it. The only reason I'm giving only 4 stars is because the right side of my screen is cut off in-game so I can't see my gold in town. I am on a Google Pixel 3 XL. very hard and luck has too much to do with the game. The screen is cut of on the right side on my Pixel 3 XL and I can't see how much gold I have or whatever else is over there. fix the issue and I will change this to 5 stars. Great game!!! RNG... so much RNG that you will be choking on it, tactical gameplay goes out the window when most of your loses will be happening because of bad RNG. Would be... a game if not for this mechanic, that is everywhere, building dungeon?RNG. Drawing cards?RNG. Building your deck? RNG. Save your money, get a GAME, not a dice roll app... This game is great loved it on PC and it's just as awesome on mobile. Only issue I'm having is since getting the pixel 3 XL the game doesn't fit the screen correctly 11/6/18 - Dropping to two stars until the screen size issue on the pixel 3 xl is resolved. Sent support and email and received no response. 2/3/2019 - still no fix from developer for screen size issue. 3/22/2019 - still no screen size fix for Pixel 3xl fun Excellent game 😊 Very good game. Funny game, worth the money. beat the game on ios. switch to android needed to buy it again When is the next update? Edit: still waiting. Surprisingly innovative gameplay. Smooth experience on my pixel. No micro transactions. Really entertaining sound, music, art, and theme. I'm glad I picked this one up! Very plesant time killer Fun game! No microtransactions! Great fun! Love the game but we need a resolution fix for the pixel 3 to be 5 star. Cant see some key player information cause the screen it cut off. addicting game where death, while a bit disheartening, is often an acceptable setback. Fun, cute, challenging. The kind of game I like to replay at least once a year. Love it! Really fun and intuitive gameplay Great game. im having a screen cut off issue on the right side. Expect to die a lot of times. Your fate is in the randomness of the cards. I absolutely love this game I played on pc a few years ago and now I can waste countless lives trying to make myself rich all over again Great game, but need a fix for the screen issues on 18:9 screens. Looks promising but unfortunately the screen is a bit cut off on the right side on my Oneplus 6t. Thought this issue was fixed but apparently only for Pixel phones. Amazing game but please fix the screen resolution. Screen edge is cut off on my galaxy s10 plus. Fairly simple card/deckbuilding/strategy game that still manages to be a lot of fun. The hand-drawn art is charming and suits the game's comedic tone quite well. Offers a solid chunk of content that will keep you busy for hours, and doesn't try to scam you with additional microtransactions or ads. It's a fully-fledged game offering honest entertainment for an honest price; way better value than the usual mobile trash. Recommended. I am addicted to this game, even though my dungeoneer graveyard is growing ever bigger. It's funny and challenging and, best of all, free of in-game purchases. Right edge of the game is cut off on my Pixel 3 XL and there's no way to adjust it. Nice A little buggy, but the gameplay was very enjoyable. Granted, some dungoneers were somewhat overpowered for certain levels, but overall it's not too challenging yet not too easy. Good fun. if you're tired of looking for a game thats not a ripoff, look no further. GoD is exactly what I was looking for in a game. no ads, no micro transactions, no grinding. just a creative idea, inspired design, really fun core game play and lots of little details that make it cool to explore. its like the people who made it both enjoy playing games themselves AND wanted to be paid fairly for making a fun experience. thankful I found GoD, my phone is now my only device & its nice to enjoy games again fun game just wish it had better resolution, currently right side is cut off on one plus 6 an excellent innovation to the turn by turn genre. Like a Free To Play game but you actually have fun without grinding for hours or spending £££ to skip the grind. Well paced & unique gameplay, you take the role of Dungeon Master & player. Send your hapless minions to the dungeon of your choice & create the dungeon as they explore. Some chase gold, others chase the highest level encounters. Once in battle you take control with a card based system. Each battle you can gain new cards from equipment or level up if the difficulty is high enough. Fantastic game - one of the best on the market place. Android has too few stellar games and this is one of them. This is a unique deck building rpg lite game where you take multiple characters through dungeons to gather loot. it is a fun and funny game. hope they keep adding expansions or make a sequel to this game. Really good game, except for the right hand side of the screen being cropped out of view on a Pixel 3 XL. It is incredibly frustrating to not be able to see how much gold you have, or be able to select the options menu. Absolutely wonderful game : when's the sequel? I have experienced no bugs, nor glitches with this game as of Jan 30 2019 on a Motorola device. The gameplay is very fun and addictive, would recommend to anyone who enjoys fantasy RPGs, and satire of fantasy RPGs. The music is clean and lingustic -- halarious lyrics. 5 stars for sure from me. **edit: Device Lowered score because game does not fit my screen for Pixel 3XL. Part of the screen is cut off on the right side, I can see some of the favour wheel. Cant see all controls because of this. The game is really fun. The gameplay, the humor is on point. The only thing I didn't like is the map making. Not the gameplay, making the dungeon map is fun. But, it's the reading where it goes that's hard. If there's just a different color or something that shows on the card if it's a 2 way, 3 way or etc. Like putting a small arrow or a red color on the tip of the exits of the 3 way would make the cards easier to read. PS : Sorry, if I make any mistakes! PPS : The game is awesome! Games great. It, however, crashes every single play session. Way too buggy, I've only played an hour and got hit by crashes and game ending bugs. Great game, really enjoying it! Would bump it up to a 5 star if the right side of the game wasn't cropped off short on my pixel 3 xl. Can still play just a tad annoying. Thanks for the fun. Quite a fun time waster. Update: Devs are super responsive and are working on it. - - Unfortunately there is a game breaking error (1009) that persists even after a reinstall =( The lack of cloud saves means that even if it starts working again, I'll still have lost many many hours of progress =( great game. really fun game but the right side of the screen gets cut off on my pixel 3 XL. I'd love to see this fixed so i can give it the 5 stars it deserves. Just as good as the desktop version. Possibly better. really fun way to kill half an hour at a time. just don't get too attached to a dungeoneer as RNG can screw you. (don't worry, they get replaced by a functionally identical one after a run) i'm playing on my xiaomi pocophone f1 and i think there is a little screen resolution problem, right part of the scene is is always outside of the view. I cant say I like this game feel like sometines i lost just because of random and how hard some monster can be and there where nothing you could do to prevent the lost, i guess this is very inherent to this kind of Rng rogue-lite game, the game as interesting concept though Amazing!! I love games that you pay for once then there are no in app purchases! This game is also really fun to play if you like turn base strategy games or maybe rogue likes :) It also comes with two DLC's that you can turn on, so there is an awful lot of content and plinth of repeatability. Totally worth the money. music alone is worth the purchase. high quality strategy to boot and difficult af for a while. well worth it. On the google pixel 3 XL, the game doesn't display correctly, part of the screen on the right isnt visible and the text overall is too small to read even on large screen mode. I'm quite adicted! there's a bug with the screen on pixel 3 xl, I can't see the far right. I bought this game and although it seems very fun about half an inch on the right side is cut off on my Pixel 3 XL. I can't select anything in that area or see things such as the number of coins I have. Hopefully this will be fixed soon. I enjoyed the game on PC and its even more convient on mobile. Oh man, I'm on a good run. I'm almost at the boss aaaaand it crashes. Restart everything, have to restart the mission and freezes in loading screen. Restart the game again, crash again, never progress. That is my experience with this game. Unplayable. Great game, addictive, and simple to learn. Quickly turns repetitive and isn't difficult. Doesn't play nicely with a notch as part of the screen is missing. Also crashes often on Pixel 3 XL. Great quality visuals and charm can't float the overly simple gameplay and crash issues. Worth it on sale and patched up. adorable and at the same time x-com2 level of frustrating. Really fun game so far, love the quirky humor and the gameplay is pretty smooth. Can be dry at times (such as during long loading screens) but overall an extremely fun title well worth the money. does not fit on the screen no matter what settings I do so it cuts off part of the game one of the best card games for mobile, awesome music, fun gameplay - love it! this game makes me grumpy Part of the screen is hidden :( one of the best games in this store great fun , need more 😁 Scaling does not work on Pixel 3XL Frustrating and kinda boring. Mostly luck based. Very repetitive. Those are the three things that I've experienced. Just felt like I was throwing pawns at the king till he gave up. Then on to the next king to do the same thing. Like an anime series were there is always a guy more bad a$$ than the last. Just boring. Great game. I just wish there was a way to link the PC version. The game is adorable, the turn by turn matches, with card flipping fight scenes are fun. I enjoy the quirky narrator, the sarcastic characters. The amount of map leaves you with hours of fun. You have fun characters to choose from, ways to build then up with character trees. The only thing I'd add if I could would be bad guy statistics. Ways to give you a better idea of what your going up against Fun and clever. Very solid game, doesn't require a connection which saves on data, is a great way to spend time. Tight my kids how to play and now they are writing flow charts to figure out how to win. Great game Incompatible with Acer R13 Love it Great game to play without the need to overly think. A little hard to get money to upgrade your guild in the beginning. Still super fun though. Screen size on pixel 3 xl is not correctly scaled Game is great, but a few things hold it back. Games with progression systems NEED some sort of cloud saving, while this uses Google play games, it doesn't support save sync, which is a massive shame. Also, the right portion of the screen is cut off on the OnePlus 6t. Great, but it looks like the screen cutoff issue on the XL2 has re emerged on the XL3. A fix would be awesome. Highly recommend this to anyone! Right side is cut off on my pixel 3xl, no way to change or resize display Amazing game definitely worth the price Bouncin' I adore this game. I got a copy for free on pc and happily paid for the mobile version so I could play anytime. It was easy to pick up and learn. The graphics are cute and it doesn't drain my battery like a lot of games. Highly recommended. It's super good. Great game, difficulty curve is quite high and may put off casual players but it's definitely fun. This game is almost perfect, a great combination of skill and luck and fun to play! The game was amazing, a very "simplistic" game that evolves and let's the player figure out how to conquer their challenges through different ways. The options to mute the quotes and music etc. were handy as well. I love this game. Such fun Tons of silliness, which is good, but it actually gets kid of difficult too quick. If you don't grasp it quick your doomed, had to start over 8 times in less than 2 hours. For such a simple game it can get really difficult quickly. You really have to be careful about what rewards you take, they will make or break you. The more I tinker with this the more I seem  to enjoy it really, this one has kind of grown on me a little. am now stuck on this, ratng up another star, deserves it really for merging "rougelike" and "stressfree" now that I know not to worry about my "chumps" dying. Took some getting used to but is actually alot of fun though very luck based and random as well, when I bought this I said to myself, well, I have 2 hours to get a refund, but I couldn't do that once I started playing and afterwards wished I could have and put it down for 3 - 4 days and then picked it up again and it has been something I have tinkered with every day since then. The games ALOT better than I had hoped. Have to agree with phuk nope it would be nice to be able to replay a scenario again for farming purposes, or randomly generated side dungeons.. (would probably be even better). One of those games that you have to play at least once a day to fill this hunger for dungeons Easy to pick up and play. Great music, too. The cat pun game is strong. Wonderful game. There are a few balance issues, but ultimately it is your choice whether to abuse them or not. Highly recommend others to play. This is an amazing and original game. Hands down the best between scene music on mobile. Would have given the game 5 stars, but death loops are extremely problematic in the early stages. Very unforgiving and no easy way to farm up fast or repeat stages to get over the plateaus. Highly recommended despite this flaw. Worth every cent. Excellent. Perfect mix of developing char skills. Equipment, random luck/loot. Perfect pace. Losing sleep over this game Game crashed on me after mission two. When restarting, noticed the trophy room was gone. Have the rat King defeated but no trophy or even trophy room. Dunno how game will behave now. Does that mean I will be no trophies at all? Will it freeze after every boss and make me lose rewards? I love it, if I somehow lost the game and had to buy it again I would be willing to, at least 3 more times. It good A very complex, yet accessible, deck building game Great strategy game with a challenge and a pinch of luck. Very whimsical as well. Love it. Excellent little game. Love the song Was looking for something to do on a 3-hour flight and this game had me hooked all the way through. I'm hoping it never ends... From the fun music and narration, the hilarious writing, and smooth game play, this game was fantastic. Well worth the price. Thanks, guys. Brilliant game, excellent fun and value. Well worth playing Humorous card-based dungeon crawler, but the catch is, you place down your own path cards, pit creatures of your choice down depending on your level, and you can place gold cards down to lure dungeoneers to their room or glory! Just like the pc version on Mobile One of the most enjoyable Android games I've played! Great game Great fun, but screen is cut off on the Way home Ph-1 Fun enough game. It occasionally freezes when loading a dungeon and I have to restart the entire game. Otherwise no issues. I love the work put into the music. RPG with a twist. Super fun. Played this on PC and this is a great port to Android. Glad they fixed the pixel 2 xl issue I am surprised how much I enjoy this game. All games from this studio are fun. I puchased this game and have been trying to play on a Samsung Note5... the text is nearly impossible to read. The game was not cheap, and I rarely spend money on games unless the reviews are very good. Information containing hints on game play is so tiny it's useless. The game is fun, but you have such a disadvantage not being able to read it, I have uninstalled. I would only play on a Phab, or Tab. I love the game but I have one issue, every now and then part of the gui from the equipment screen gets stuck, and persists through the map screen into the battle screen as well. The real issue begins when another loot screen shows, the gain and loss cards don't show and it makes it impossible to know what new cards I will get without memorizing them prior. I found another bug. When using the run ability, the player or enemy gains two health if they after finishing their first round on 1 hp, this should take their health to 3, but instead it skips to displaying 4. Though a 4 is displayed, they will technically still only have 3 health. This caused me some confusion until I understood what was wrong, and if not fixed will be for future players also. Addicting, fun, and a bit frustrating when the luck isn't on your side But who cares about the last part, there are always more suckers that willing to go to dungeom for you. The humour and music is a good plus side for this game too, but the game get a little repetitive and trivial at the ending. Could use more creativity. Hope to see more games from this dev. This is a great casual game. I got the PC version for free with Twitch Prime and loved is so much I bought the Android version for my phone. Pretty boring, not worth paying for. I came here because someone said it was like Slay the Spire but on mobile, it's not, it's s#@& A good game, but experiencing frequent crashes, often after returning to the guild from a dungeon. The whole app just hangs and eventually crashes. It's the best investment I've made in the last several years. Playable offline, very detailed mechanics, witty narration Short and simple nothing to write home about. Best port ever An absolutely amazing game fun, unique, and challenging it's the best game I have played all year. Great game. Would be 5* easily if there was cloud save & sync. funny and cute and very clever Absolutly love this game! The art, the gameplay, the music and ofcourse the bard!!! Well worth the money. I hope they make a new expansion soon and release the complete soundtrack (including the bard and the music from the expansions) on google music. It's the perfect mix of roguelike and card game . Fun and simple but challenging. Each session is quick which is perfect for a mobile game Excellent both on mobile and pc. Wonderful little roguelite with permadeath and deckbuilding mechanics. Much more elaborate and challenging than it first appears, without ever being frustrating. Amazing game for a phone and worth every penny! Really enjoy this Probably the best mobile game I've ever played. Tons of fun, and rogue-like dungeon running It would be better if this game can have cloud storage function. I played it on my phone at the beginning, and I noticed that I have to start over when I tried to switch to my tablet. I really hope that you can add the cloud storage function so that I can play it on my phone when I was outside and on my tablet when I was home. Screen is cut off on Xiaomi Mi8 Best I like what i have seen so far but the edge is cut off for the xiaomi mi8 as wel Original, humorous, and fun are three words I'd use to describe this great game. The developer is awesome and if you look at other reviews, you'll see they care about responding to customer concerns. If you like RPGs and card games, this is an absolute must have for your collection! Good game, really good one :) I have been playing this on my PC via Steam. I was thinking of getting Pirate Cove which would cost around $6.00 .For just $8.00 on Android l have everything. I love the whimsy of the characters and the game play. The music alone makes this game worthwhile. The lemony singing narrator, the cute little animation as your poor explorer desperately struggles for survival, all of this comes together to create a unique game experience unlike anything else. The gameplay and design are good. This should actually be 5 stars, but my problem is that the display is cut off a bit on the right. I think it may be specific to my Huawei P20 phone, though; so if you have the same phone, you should be wary of the issue. Also, it's not apparent if your game progress is being backed up off your device. You could lose your progress if you uninstall the app or change devices. Great game!! Good game Iculdent find a game to play so I went through my purchases and saw this when I tried it was perfect Fun and clever dungeon dive. Totally worth the money. Very fun game, looking forward to the next expansion of there is one Wonderful and beautiful. The music is perfect. The game is fun. Best game. Took a bit to get into it, and I had to read a few wikis before I realised  how to tempt the dungeoneers into going where I wanted. Good game.  Recommended. Cute art and smooth gameplay for a nice turn based roguelike esque rpg. Cute, but also challenging. Has enough depth that the web site for the game  is helpful, but it isn't Jeddah to enjoy the game. It has enough challenge  and variety to have kept me engaged for several weeks. I'll probably even  replay it once I've gotten all the way through. Very difficult to get anywhere It's a perfect game for the smartphone platform Edit: works great now. 5 stars Not working on pixel 2 xl. Screen is cut  off. Will rate higher when fixed. Edit Dropped rating to 1 star due to no  communication from the developer. Even sent a bug report. Sad. Reasonably fun, eventually the unlocks ruin challenge. Good production  value... Nice simple game with amazing music Does not behave well after screen locks. Screen will go black and you will  have no choice but to randomly click until you die. Also gameplay appears  extremely grindy and repetitive the best purchase ive made in years. love this game Edit: removed 4 stars, because after several hours the game just deleted  all my progress :/ Wanted to try this game for ages now and finally tried  it, And after playing through the first few dungeons, it more than lives up  to expectation. The gameplay is easy enough to get in to, but the challenge  quickly ramps up, as the game forces you to improvise around different  classes, monsters and gear. The graphics are adorable and perfectly  sufficient for what the game is. The port job seems to be fine as well.  Touch controlls are simple and intuitive and I encountered neither bugs nor  performance issues. Oh, and the narration is some of the finest audible  chocolate since bastion :) All in all, at this price tag I would call I a  steal. Awesome pc port and an always fun-to-play game. Amazing music, dark humor  and fun writing plus real cool gameplay design and aesthetic. One of my fav  indies of all time. Great port for a great game. It is cut off on my Google Pixel 2 XL but  works well on all other devices I have. Edit 7/24: new update fixed the  screen sizing issue, hard to find any flaws at this point. Charming fantasy rouge-like dungeon crawler rpg. Way more fun than  expected. 10/10 Fun and enjoyable and good art style Good game, can be a little repetitive when you find a good class. Card draw  is very powerful as in every card game but the balance is quite decent. Hours of fun, zero ads, zero microtransactions, very happy with purchase! Awesome. Great game, although difficult to play when it crashes every time my screen  is turned off or if I switch to another app and back. Doesn't fit on phone screen, gold amount is cut off. Great game. Controls are easy to use on a phone, no in-app purchases or  commercials, looks good, can play offline. Really appreciate the hard work  put into this gem. New update fixes andriod screen cut off great game Awesome game. The UI still screams desktop. But it's usable. Not worth 8 bloody bucks,that's for sure--over heats tablet and activating  cards is a pain.Art style for dungeon great---for characters Bloody  awful_______got a refund Very fun strategy game. Developers are still adding content years after  release. They were also able to fix a screen issue with my Pixel XL. Updating again. Looks kind they finally fixed the issue ~9 months later.  Frustrating it took this long, but it's a really good game, looking forward  to playing again Updating my review. Several months ago I upgraded to the  pixel 2 XL. The game does not display properly. I messaged the developers  and they said they'd look in to it, they haven't responded since and the  game still does not work. Tried this game on steam during a free to play  weekend and really liked it. Really well done mobile version, no bugs.  Played on Nexus 6p So the screen is offset to the right on my phone (pixel 2 Xl) it cuts some  stuff off. Edit: since the last update all is well 😃 Loved this game on my old phone, was one of the best. Has now been updated  to fix the screen clipping problem, so I'm excited to play it all through  again! Great job devs :) Overall this game is very fun and easy to get the hang of. The only reason  I am not giving it a 5 is because the screen is cut off on my pixel 2 CL so  have no idea what is on the right side. I cant see the weapon slot at all  while playing. Edit: since the last update the screen issue has been fixed.  5 stars for sure! Pretty fun and a good way to get distracted in times where waiting is done.  Recommended for people waiting in the DMV Awesome. Thanks devs for fixing the pixel 2 aspect issue. Edit: The devs responded and fixed the always on top nav buttons for the  pixel 2 XL!! 5 stars deserved! Great game, cute writing, fun card battles. Edited my review as the new update solved the resolution issues. Very fun  game, easy to learn with a cutesy art style make it playable for pretty  much anyone anywhere. They fixed it to work with my Pixel XL2 😍🥰🤩🤪. Thanks, I love this game! Edit Following Update  I can now give this game the 5 stars it deserves following an update from the devs. It works great on the Pixel 2 XL now, and the game is so much fun.  I don't hate the game, it actually seems fun. What I do hate is that despite the Pixel 2 XL being out for a fairly long amount of time the developers haven't updated their game to support new device screen resolutions. So far this is the only game I've tried on my phone, and it is pretty frustrating given the refund policy to discover it doesn't work properly. Finally updated to work well on my pixel 2 xl. Great game roguelike dungeon  crawler card game. Great port from PC. Fun game to play when you have some time to waste or  want to spend some time playing a great game. I liked the game. Fun , casual, and soothing. Though on a mobile phone, I  play at work, the loading times are too much. Other than the loading I  think the game is great. Good, but a little pricey. Not sure what to say, I definitely expected much more from the game. It  feels like a free to play game without IAP:s. I love RPG:s and Strategy,  but this left me completely cold. I wanted to pick up this game to play in my pixel 2 xl but there seem to be  some screen resolution optimization issues so that the right side of the  screen is cut off. Great fun so far and best of all can be played offline! Excellent game with loads of content. The buttons are quite unresponsive on a OnePlus 3, sometimes taking 3+  presses before a command is registered. Despite that, a very enjoyable game. This has been an incredibly fun and great game. I really love it and it's  definitely worth the $5. However, on Pixel2 the resolution doesn't work  right as the last bit of the screen on the right doesn't show up. Is there  any fix for this? Edit: I found the discord for the dev and worked with him  on fixing it! It should be pushed out any time soon. Very responsive. Great  communication from him! Great game, pick up and play anytime, hours disappear. Help it cuts off the right side of the screen. I have a LG g7. Please Wonderfully addictive game with enough strategy to keep things challenging.  The humour is brilliant; just read and listen to everything. You won't be  disappointed. Looking forward to more adventure packs. Though it could do  with a high score table for the most successful dungeoneers, instead of  searching through the graveyard. Highly recommended. Gameplay is good and the sound effects are pretty cute It's fun. I'm not good at it. Pity they don't update it anymore. Easy to learn, but tons of depth! Interesting but simple mechanics create a surprising amount of depth for  the price. This game is fun, funny, cute and clever with a satisfying gameplay loop  and well thought out user interface. I quite love the bard who sings as per  your success and failures. I'm not personally a fan of the art style, but  the game is enough fun to look past that in my opinion. Always appreciate a  good premium game on mobile, thanks devs! Maybe I'm just a niche customer cause I was expecting a game with great  replay value. I wanted to see something I could improve and upgrade that'll  last for long-term, but the game doesnt encourage us to take care of our  dungeoneers. They're unlimited afterall, and levels and skills gained  matters little after clearing a stage. The current guild upgrades just  doesnt cut it.Maybe the battle scars system could be improved/extended? I  probably just got overhyped by the other reviews. It's still a good game Fun little time waster though not all classes are created equal This game has spyware on it. Why do they need access to camera, contacts  and microphone? It's a shame I paid so much for them spying on me. Play it  offline. Please add cloud save. So we could transfer our progress to our new device.  Kinda lazy if you have to start all over again. Please respon. This game is  great! Fantastic, just fantastic! Humorously animated, well crafted game play, and  actual fun writing. All in all a great experience. A much better phone than PC game. Love the game, simple, fun and very witty. But when I lose, ☑“This guy's deck is CRAZY!” ☑ “My deck can't win against  a deck like that” ☑ "He NEEDED precisely those two cards to win" ☑ “He  topdecked the only card that could beat me” ☑ "He had the perfect cards" ☑  “There was nothing I could do” ☑ “I played that perfectly" I am having a lot of fun. Worth the money. I just liked the art style of this game initially and picked it up with  survey money and boy am I glad I did! The gameplay style is sort of like a  RPG-deck builder which I find really enjoyable. As you progress you unlock  new characters and they all play differently Perfect This game has the best music I encountered in a mobile game. The mechanics  take a little getting used to, going through characters is inevitable, but  this means you switch through classes and possibilities constantly. Good  development choices made! I was never willing to buy any phone games, but after I played this one a  friends phone I had to get it. Money well spent Thought it looked good and so I bought it despite the $9 price tag and  despite not knowing anything about it. No regrets, this is an awesome game. Liked the look of it and for under 5 quid it's proved to be an excellent  diversion. Racked up over 30 hours and still finding new dungeons. Well  worth it Do not buy if your on a Pixel 2XL, the game seems to get the screen size  wrong and cuts off a decent part of the screen on the right hand side. I  have emailed the developers, but received no reply so presumably this isn't  an issue they intend to fix. Other than that, its alright. Love everything about this game but please update for 18 by 9 aspect ratio  I can't play with my new phone Awesomesauce game. Great Port Great game, too bad there is no way to transfer your save file to a new device. Only purchase if you just bought your device and don't think you'll ever break it.   Seriously what year is this? How can you not transfer your data to a new device. Garbage Its a great game but it is ruined by it constantly crashing This is an actually well produced game for android. The GUI is well made  and intuitive and everything flows well with no apparent bugs after several  hours of play. The game itself is a strategic card based RPG rougelike. You  build your hero guild and send your heroes (or chumps as the game calls  them) on missions. Your heroes battle using decks of cards built from class  skills, skills gained from successful adventuring (max two of those) and  items picked up during adventures. Everything resets between every  adventure (levels and deck, but not the two skills mentioned earlier) which  some people find annoying. I dont mind it myself since it is kind of a part  of the rougelike formula . I really like it and certainly recommend people  who like tactical rougelikes to give it a shot. Plays like a board game and is a fun time killer. Two thumbs up Played this on the PC, a challenging, charming video game with great writing, a neat soundtrack and a hillarious narrator and a clever rougue lite game mechanic. Really fun and simple card game dungeon builder, played on of first and just had to get the mobile game Phenomenal. Only thing I could ask for are more classes as they're all so fun to play. I liked the game until i realized its just not really that balanced, virtually every character you get is going to die, theres nothing you can do about it and normally id say ok, just gotta learn the system but sadly that wont matter in this game, maybe just stay away or if the devs keep updating go for it but i doubt anything will be addressed. The saddest part is i cant get a refund, still this is an awesome concept and its a ton of fun for about an hour or so until you realize how helpless you are, just dont get attached to any of your guys/girls and dont expect any to survive long, after about level 3 in an instance youll start seeing pistoleros and zombies thats when your death is likely assured no matter the loot drops. I feel bad for the devs because they are obviously good at what they do and talented, somewhere this just went wrong because that feeling of having fun doesnt last long, after the first few wipes its like why am i playing this? Im supposed to have fun, not be endlessly frustrated by rng with no way to actually get a handle on the problem (progress and retention of characters)so it can be addressed and the player can progress. The cutest dungeon crawler I've ever played. I can't stop! Simple game design with surprising depth in strategy.  Lots of different characters with different play styles.  Some balance issue across the full range of adventures, with some being completely useless and others being way overpowered.  Overall a very good game.  Definitely recommend. Really good fun game. 4 pounds for it is super worth it. Played many other games infested with adds, this one has none. Gameplay, art, music, voice actor 5/5. Refreshingly fun, it has a new feel. Great art too. Definitely worth the buy. Loved it The game was too short. My new favorite game, but I've beaten it, and I NEVER finish games. Otherwise,  love it, can't wait for more! Excellent game! I love the mechanics and art. Music is awesome too. A must if you can purchase it. I love the quick and simple approach this game has. Only issue I have is that the screen locks so I can't flip the phone the way I want it Fun times! Nice visuals, great audio, just enough thinking involved, a little samey, but worth the price of admission. Reminds me of a less weird KoL. Fantastic game that includes two expansions. In my top three 'proper' games on android, close behind KOTOR and This War of Mine.  NO IN APP PURCHASES!! Kindly respond to my support emails. it's been a week. Add cloud save and I will easily give you 5 stars. Fantastic game.  Half management, half rougex.exe.  Fast, fun, and funny.  The hard part is not getting attached to your dungeoneers. Was great, but on the pixel 2 doesn't fit the screen properly which makes it difficult and annoying to play unfortunately Reminds me of Munchkins. Could see this being very playable on the table, and fairly easy (no complex rpg here.) Great game Addictive deck building game. I've beaten the game and look forward to more content!! I love this game. It was a bunch of fun on PC, and was really excited to play it on mobile. Unfortunately, the game cuts off a large portion of the right hand side of the screen on my pixel XL 2 where the menu bar would be. The menu bar hides, but it leaves a black spot, hiding important information like how much money I have in the guild or the settings menu. Would be a 5 star review with that fixed! Stylish and super fun. Well design game mechanics with a nice controllable amount of rng. Absolutely love this game!! Fun game! Crashes occasionally but not often. Definitely doesn't like being minimized though. Seems like a great game, but crashes constantly Love the singing guy. Really like the gameplay and aesthetic. Only reason it's not 5/5 is cuz it sometimes locks up when put it in background; more specifically, the two cases of this I encountered are when plugging in charger and switching apps, or when I receive a call. Despite this, I'd still highly recommend the game. A great little game with cute drawings, an interesting plot, fun songs, and a decent gameplay. My only hesitation is the range of strategies is not well developed. Great game Most of Android games are just brainless touch-here-app but this one includes some strategy with nice concept and simple gameplay.  Few things can be corrected for the 5th star:  - tooltips are nearly impossible to display - there is no way to select the card to remove from deck (with fates point) - loading could be faster... - don't force me to launch a suicide game when waiting for bruiser repop The guild of dungeoneering is deceptively simple, but deep, engaging, and fiendishly difficult, all while being self aware and lighthearted. 10/10 would play again This is one of the only games where frozen yoga is an attack so a 10/10 Great game but it hates being minimized. If it didn't crash when loading 1/10 time it would have been 5 stars Simple game with quick play sessions that has light base building mechanics for a sense of contiuity. A fun way to spend 10 mins. I wanted this on PC but didn't want to spend the $15+, so I got it on mobile for half that price. Best decision I've made this year. Fantastic game. Perfect way to pass the time. It took me a little bit to figure out what the game actually is, because usually you get attached to your character. But here the adventurers are just fodder for collecting loot and finishing missions. Your goal is to be an effective factory for getting loot, manipulating the adventurers into doing what you want. It's like, dare I say it, being their manager. Takes a sec to figure out what compels your dungeoneer to do what, but after that it's a simple, fun time. The game keeps crashing I can't understand why, I have over 2GBs of RAM on my tablet but I keeps force closing on my tablet , how much does it take to run the game properly?? I need help Easy to use, fitting music/voices, and funny. Highly recommend. On the Pixel 2 xl the screen is cut off idk why it seems a weird bug would be 5/5 of fixed. This has instantly become a game I want on every phone I have forever.  However! I'm having issues with the screen spacing on my Pixel 2 XL. The home/back/recent buttons are staying active and baring out a portion of my screen. one of the best roguelikea you can buy for android :) love it Great game. Worth the price. TO ARMS MY FELLOW ADVENTURERS we must vanquish the rat king Game worked fine for a month or so, but now it won't get past the loading screen Great card based rouge like Fun gaem This game doesn't fit my screen. My is htc u11 plus, screen scale is 18:9. I can't see the right part about 5mm in game. Please help to solve this problem. Thank you. Fun fun fun Great little game Great fun sending all those chump er I mean valued employee adventures to their revenue generating activity It's real good. Same as the game on pc, only enjoy it more as it is mored suited to bus rides and such, alot of fun. Game is good, could work better on memory management Solid game. Fun and lightweight. I picked this game up because I had it on PC. However on my Google pixle 2 the game doesn't collapse down my home buttons and I lose out on a chunk of game screen because of it. It hasn't affected gameplay at all however there is information that is cut off. Love this game! 3rd device I've put it on. I played the game on PC before and it was already clear then that this is perfect for phones or tablets. Also, it's readable enough on my 4" screen. Amazing game, love everything about it. Awesome Cool game about dungeon crawling. Some tactics, few character classes. Funny narrator. Happy version of Darkest Dungeon. ill be playing this for years Loved this game on PC and it's well suited for mobile. A little buggy but for the most part very well done. I have experienced some freezing, but I've never lost progress so I'm good. The best rogue-like gameplay I've had since risk of rain. Props to Robot for recommending this to me. Got it in a bundle for PC, so awesome had to get the mobile. Very fun and addictive.  This cutsie pie little piece of tar, sucks. The writers of this app are shallow and liberal. Playing the sherade is an insult to the true rpg player. I could deal  with the finger in the throught cutsie pie junk if there were solid game play behind it all! there is none. The writers can not man up enough to not cheat when  they are not even playing as a character. It is irratating, very irritating . It may be fun at first but very quickly heads to the low road to irritating town. This game is an absolute delight! Reverse dungeon + turn-based strategy + collectible card game + roguelike RPG all in one game? If you somehow work out how to include idle/clicker elements in a future update, it'll be All The Games! (Okay, okay - it'll never be a first person shooter or a driving game. Don't be so literal!) W O R T H Love it. Just like being a DnD game master. Occasionally the mooks run straight into the boss. Fun, not too complicated, card tactics. I bought this after getting PC version in humble bundle. No regrets Love it!!!!   Give us more rxpansions and maybe a bigger sequel!!! Doesn't support Pixel 2 XL phone very well. Right end of screen gets cut off. Notified developers but got no reply, no fix. Unfortunate. Loved it! What a great game! Smooth, funny, dungeoney good times. RNG sucks sometimes and I wouldn't change a thing. Only reason I don't give 6 stars is because the grading system only allows 5! Great game with the most catchy main menu theme EVER. Best mobile game I've ever purchased Very fun and funny Got this game not knowing how to feel about it, after ten minutes I was hooked Great game! Enjoyed it when it first came out and revisited for both adventure packs. i personally love this game,i own the pc version as well,but on here it always seems to crash after like,5 min. any help would be great,thanks! update: it still happens every so often,if i play it for more than half an hour it always crahses. my tablet has the specs for it so i dont know why it keeps happening. A quirky, well thought out game that doesn't require an internet connection to play. Ranger and alchemist I've found are definitely best classes to play. Easy concept at first, but it requires surprisingly strategic and tactical use of your cards and adventurers to avoid dying (from which you can't be revived)! Very addictive! Like a lite version of Magic the Gathering but with a sense of humor. Recommend it! Not too impressed with this game. Every time you enter a dungeon you star back over at lvl 1 with no equipment from the last dungeon. Feels like a serious waste of time playing this. I would understand losing your levels and equipment if your character was killed... But when he makes it through the dungeon and is geared and leveled but goes to the next dungeon and starts all over... waste of time. I would love my money back for this title. Don't like it. Amazing game! Excellent artstyle, intuitive gameplay design. Well worth the look. Starts strong with fun music and gameplay. However, after a few areas are finished and roughly half the guild is unlocked the game becomes a dull, frustrating grind and the music snippets irritate more than amuse. I wonder if more than 5% of people finish the campaign. Screen is cut off on pixel XL 2. Can't even see how much gold you have. Not playable. Great game, very fun to play and while away the time with. It's made my train journeys a lot more enjoyable. One tiny-winy request, however: Would it be possible to apply the Turbo mode only for movement/battle and not general dialogue? Bit difficult to read the speech bubbles with it on. Solid little rogue-lite. I didn't want to leave this review... Sent an email to request for help or guidance. Been a week and no response. I have a pixel 2 xl. The games aspect ratios don't work properly on the device. Some support would be nice Seems like a fun and unique game.  But it keeps freezing on me when I beat the first dungeon & I can't get past that point.  Yes i uninstalled & reinstalled, but still having an issue. I really wana try this game Fun game, only issue was crashing if you had to minimize it. Fantastic game and we'll worth the price. Combat is fun and doesn't really get stale since as you go through the dungeon you get equipment which changes what you could do in combat Amazing game with a really fun combat and progression system. I like the battle scars combined with permadeath it makes me care about my dungeoneers. Had a few crashes, but didn't lose any progress. Great game overall, keep the free content coming. Great port to a mobile device. Maintains the feel of the PC version and a simple game play style. Very fun to kill a few minutes or hours. Great but pretty prone to crashes, especially after dungeons Well put together game. Similar to table top Munchkin. It does get a little repetitive in the late game. Overall a fun little gem though. Music is great Absolutely a blast Cool Picked this game up on a whim and am very happy I did. An easy, fun game that will make you smile from the initial theme tune right through to your barbarian been eaten by a giant spider. Don't worry though, as the boss there are always more suckers... I mean adventures to send to there doom.... I mean earn you gold..... I mean earn there fame and fortune.  Light hearted and addictive. Love it :) More expansions will be welcomed. It's a lovely game, simple enough to get into, and a lot of depth as you progress. Also lots of death, but the bard is always quirky and likable. I love the game, please stop bothering me about rating the game, so I can play the damn thing 😂👍 The game is exceptionally well put together. The areas where it excels are aesthetics, difficulty/learning curve, content evolution and replay-ability. It feels exceptionally professional from the music to the controls. Finally the wit which is thoughtfully scattered throughout is delightful. Good game. Gets a bit repetitive over time. Love this game on PC, but frequent graphics don't restore to a playable condition after a phone call and frequent freezing on Moto z Epic roguelike with plenty of RNG. You are also getting all paid PC DLC for free on Android.   $25 worth of content for $7. Way to do DLC right on the mobile. Bought this even though I already have it on PC. It is just such a great fit for phones.  9/10, well optimized, unforgiving roguelike with just enough rewards to keep things interesting for dozens of hours. it is  veary  cool Awesome game reminiscent of old table top card games, but with the benefit of digital play, awesome animation and gameplay. Love the bard and humor throughout. Super addicting I enjoy the game alot, good for killing time.  My only problem with it is when i switch to a different app or anything that goes away from the game, when I come back to it I get a grey screen and I have to close the game and restart it to get it to work again. Great game This game is great. It was great lon the PC, and it is great on the phone. The album is nice. It always makes me feel merry, but sometimes that map disappears. I have to restart the game to load it. Also, some of the menu when picking item sticks to tbe screen, and the character sheet as well. That is the only reason it is not five stars. It is everything the PC version is.👍👍 awesome game super addictive I saw this on the pc when it first came out picked it up on my phone as soon as it came out perfect game to play for a few minutes or a few hours Can't put it down Great story :) Fun game, very rng ish and repetitive, but worth the money if you like card games A very fun game, allowing you to explore dungeons and manipulate your poor worthless chumps to die for you. The card system offers some level of randomness, but it's not too annoying. Quirky and slot of fun, would love even more classes Please fix constant crashes and data wipes. Gameplay is 5*. Great grind to spend some time. This is a great time filler. Interesting, short and sometimes tricky card duels mixed with entertaining quests, good music and wonderfully drawn monsters. There's lots of content and you will be beaten alot, but that's part of the game. Sometimes the game freezes while loading and it does not like auto-rotate in my case, but this are minor issues solved by restarting the game. Brill Very awesome little Indy game.  Hours of enjoyment!! Touch screen controls can be odd at times Great casual dungeon crawling! This is a fantastic game. I completed it once in PC and I'm restarting now in Android. Fantastic gameplay that's completely uninhibited on a small phone screen! On my third playthrough and still looking it. Great game overall; well worth the price. I. Love. It. Best Munchkin like RPG you can enjoy from your phone :) I so want more! This is a great game. One of my favorite games I have played. The controls are easy and simple. The cards and each characters are different. The bosses are simple but towards the end of the game the RNG of the enemies are harder than the bosses. Super fun game. Easy to view interface. Graphics are stylized and crisp. More polish than I expected and tons of charm and content. Only issue I have is the readability if some of the menus which look fine on desktop but a bit clunky on mobile, which is understandable. Fun little game with polished look and jaunty soundtrack. A pleasure to play. No crashes on my LG G6 This game is one of the best mobile games I've played. Very fun and challenging, reminiscent of a light-hearted Darkest Dungeon. Good game fun to play. .could do with a  little better tutorial Tried to reinstall 4 times now. Loads to title then crashes.  After google search seems it's a very common problem. Many complaints about dev lack of response.  Waste of money. This is the perfect mobile game. The controls translate as if it was as meant for mobile. Graphics are whimsical and work well. The depth of gameplay for 4.99 is absolutely insane. If you enjoy basebuilding and card strategy this is an absolute must buy. Very difficult to figure out the first level, once you figure out the basic placements it's pretty fun Better on mobile than on PC. Great time sink Overall a great game if you dont mind spending the money This is very addictive card game . I like it.. Well polished.  Soundtrack is excellent. The game is visually pleasing. The gameplay is fun, starting out silly but with a great learning curve. Love love love this game buy it don't wait do it just doooo it 😏 Music was great. A bit repetitive and uninteresting once you get the hang of thing. An awesome game to play a while. The game gets stuck at unpacking, eating up all storage that is available on the device. It has now consumed almost 40 GB out of my brand new 64 GB SD Card and growing. It continues until the device gets full and then it slows down the phone making it unusable so I have to force kill the app. I am running it on LG G5SE (H845 variant), please fix, I am refunding for that moment... And it's easy on the battery too! Just too small on high dpi devices. Would be 5 stars otherwise, currently unplayable on 5.3" Love this game, have it on multiple platforms. A very fun game that is perfect for mobile pick up and play style gameplay. A unique tactics game of such a high level of quality is rarely seen on mobile. Add to that the omission of micro transactions and you get a thoroughly enjoyable experience. On my 8th or 9th play through. Still fun. It takes up wayyyy too much space, but it a amazing game. I love it. Great game, works well on mobile It's fun and easy to get the hang of. It's a silly little game that at times is frustrating but it's the game that I will always come back to Witty and cute characters, and excellent gameplay. Loved it! The bard narrating the story takes it from great to epic It's cute, silly, and easy to play. Got into it via my nephew. I loved this game when I saw it at EGX Rezzed way back before release, loved it when it released on PC and love it even more now it's on my phone.   This game is light-hearted, whity, numerous, has great artwork and a great soundtrack. I would recommend this game to most people. Very fun game for sure!!!!! 5/7 excellent game Have it on pc and loved it enough to get it on mobile. The style and gameplay is flawless for touchscreen. Haven't had a single issue with 10+ hours played, excellent port! What a great game. If you like Tactical RPGs or games in general, you gotta play this. The Bard alone makes it worthwile. Great game, fun card-based roguelikes are my favorite, i do have a few glitches though, mostly characters missing faces or using the basic model for combat screens instead of their overworld model. Really interesting dungeon crawl gameplay. The combat is deep and it feels like there are many viable options for how to play. Very enjoyable game. This game is super cute and fun! The gameplay is easy, the music is catchy and it is overall a wonderful game! I recommend this to anyone asking about a great game for their phone! Great game with a morbid sense of humor, brings to mind Kingdom of Loathing in style and tone. Probably the best mobile game I have played. For your money you get whole package - cute graphics, great soundtrack, clever gameplay and a lot of sarcastic fun :-) Only nitpick would be that the game sometimes freezes on my Nexus 5x Great fun once you've learned the nuances of it, and that doesn't take long Great novel RPG. Somewhat rogue-like. I love the in-keeping jesters slightly mocking songs, a nice finishing touch. Great card style game suggested by Extra Credits. Thank you, Devs This game is super dope. Eminently playable dungeon crawler with a novel combat mechanic. Highly recommended! Galaxy 7 edge user. Maybe I'm missing something but a lot of the menus are cut off from my screen.  Edit: I went into my performance mode in the settings of my device and put it on the recommended setting, now it's fine. Brilliant simple game with plenty of depth Stability issues. And the tiny font, really? Great concept. Please do something about the font. Amazing game. Can't. Stop. Playing. Must. Do. One. More. Run. Loved this game on pc. I am so happy it made it to mobile, it is a perfect fit for the game. Good looking and fun game. But some enemies don't make sense.  Like why are 90% of the zombie repertoire magic attacks? You can play it briefly or you can play it many times in a sitting. The game is simple but the strategy can get super deep. It suffers a bit from randomness later in the game as you unlock more things. Great game with the only downside are the long load times. Nice, witty and humourous... excellent soundtrack... gameplay is fun and engaging but require some sort of tutorial to teach you how things works instead of figuring out by trial and error (which isn't that difficult, but may put off some others)... it would also be great if we have a card database to see wat are all the availabe cards in the game (like wat card would i unlock if i got fire IV?)... Very nice rogue-lite that fits the sort of short gaming moment I'll have on a phone. The only reason this isn't a five-star review is that the game spends more time crashed than up. I've tried force-stopping the app, rebooting my tablet, and reinstalling the game, but I'm still lucky if it loads on 1 out of 3 attempts. The game itself is clever and fun but I'd sure like to spend more time actually playing it. Well worth the money. Stop reading and pick it up now. Crashes too often to have an enjoyable experience. Great game. Nice concept but some mission quite hard Interesting concept, addicting gameplay, beautiful artwork and a nice soundtrack. Love it I've only played this on Android but this game seems made for it. Great fun and a great way to spend a bus journey ☺ Good dungeon crawler Best mobile game, period. My only issue is that the text is hard to read on a phone. Great game. I'm glad I bought it The game is cool in concept. Seems way too easy for your characters to die. Just started playing a day ago. And my graveyard is full. It is not much fun to build up a character for 5-10 mins only to have them perm die, due to bad card draws. Not recommended for those that want measurable progress. Very amusing game. You'll cheer as your hero takes down Minotaurs while equipped with a stalagmite and a snow man's head. You'll gasp in horror as your well laid plans are ruined by a particularly feisty mimic chest. Prepare for the silliest dungeon quest ever. This game is perfect on all levels. (Except multiplayer. But that won't work for this type of game). It's a good time killer. And great for long periods of play. No Internet required. This game features various simple mechanics that you manipulate to come up with delightfully complex results!  Nothing beats equipping your dungeoneer to maximize his strengths / suit your playstyle.  The random nature of the cards make every play through fresh and exciting! A great game. Needs more levels Good game, but design is short sighted. Stuck on a dungeon with a countdown and have to pray I get the right rooms to reach my goal in time. Hours of fun Great turn based game Love it Loved the Gameplay but the constant Interface Bugs Start to get very annoying forcing me to restart the game constantly. Also the graphics are really not for me. It's a great game. It could use a little more control in the dungeons. The poems and songs are simple and funny. Compared to other mobile apps, this was worth the money. Excellent stand alone paid title thats good for a long plane ride Unique and charming! Good thing the graveyard has infinite space 😁 Charming cartoony graphics, a lot of humor, and some really excellent gameplay. Easy to learn and hard to put down. One wish: save to cloud so I can play the same game across multiple devices. Awesome!! I actually like this version a lot more than the Steam version. 1. Bug:  combat freeze , mission cant be finished, you lose dungeoneer 2. mission load time is unreasonably long, probably because of too high resolution of the images which dont make a difference for mobile PS still playing it I don't give out 5's lightly. This is a perfect adaptation of the PC version. More importantly it's a great example of a game worth purchasing and not dealing with B.S. pay to win freemuim games. Wake up people, we have super computers in our pockets. Play real games! Wonderful card like game, sort of a Sorcerers Cave for the older among you, with very neat art and nice touches throughout. I had an issue and the dev emailed back loads and fixed everything. Top class product. This game is a masterpiece! Just buy it then even added some free content! Wow loved it! Worth the six bucks Simple but fun. Some text is a bit to small. But it's more than worth the cost. Really good feeling of going into the dungeon fool of doom. Would recommend for a casual game for fun. Well done; nicely balanced and a fun concept. Four stars only because it can be repetitive and doesn't have great depth. But overall I'd recommend it highly. Edit: changed to five stars -- I just keep playing it Great music, really good game play. Easy to pick up and play This is a really great game! Well made, well designed! I have a lot of fun playing this game! Totally worth the price!!  But it's a bit hard to know when the chumps gonna level up, I don't know is there a way to check or not. If you can check their experience, it affect how I'm going to plan the dungeon, it may not be explicitly numbers, but some kind of indication will do! Excellent design and concepts, but the lack of meaningful progression and endless repetition reduces desire to continue playing after the first couple of dungeons. It's like Darkest Dungeon Lite On my tablet, the game goes out of "focus" (it overlays the Android controls plus the notification bar) which makes it impossible to get to the game controls. I have no idea how to avoid this, as even when I press inside the game window, it doesn't seem to regain fullscreen.  Would be nice to have more options to spend the money on. I have already purchased every Guild expansion there is and now am just collecting money in the dungeons without anything to spend it on... Maybe a "Tier IV" or so? Tons of fun, obviously crafted with love by the creators as opposed to the greed most companies create games for nowadays. Music is top notch, I rarely use sound on games but this one is worth hearing. Gameplay is simple to understand quickly while becoming more in depth soon into your journey. Not a single negative thing to say about this game the devs obviously made a great game here and it's worth every penny. *update* they're still releasing tons of new content to an already 5* game for free... who are these people can they do workshops to teach other mobile gaming companies how to be better to their customers? Great game, fantastic interface. Fast reaction on side of the developer regarding bags, all is working now. Great game to waste a few minutes and accidentally get sucked into playing a few hours of. If not frequent crashes related to (possibly) resource loading, will be 5/5. Anyway, worth money It seem really nice. The long loading times disrupt the gameflow a little bit though and then it just froze now during loading which is a shame :( As much as I like it...If it's freezing it's no good  for a paid game Edit: didn't freeze for a while It's a fun game but some of the dungeoneer types are badly unbalanced giving no incentive to play them. Also losing dungeons due to turn lapse when map pieces don't come can be frustrating. Overall it's a good time waster that I recommend. Great game I personally love this game because most games I play i just care about the graphics.but this game has perfect graphics for me and I love the imaginary dungoneers!!! Thank you so much for creating this app! Fun but slightly repetitive Incredible music, hilarious sense of humor, and addictive game play. Seriously, get this game. It's the most fun I've had with a mobile game before. It's a awesome rpg Rogue like. Then on top it's card based. Simple system and there is growth out side of every run. I haven't really paid attention to the story but the game play is good enough where I don't think k it matters as much. Is good game worth money Beautiful RPG for the phone with interesting and unique aspects Love it Game forces you to grant read write access to play. Very fun rogue like time waster. Worth the price. Also like that there are no micro transactions! The games combat is a lot deeper than it looks at first Nice cute and different. It's frustrating as your dungeoneer dies often, but they keep coming back and it's a challenge in a fun sort of way to try to survive and grow the dungeoneers. The bard soundtrack adds to the atmosphere of the game. The graphics are cute and the dialogue funny. Would have rated 5 stars if not for the grindy feeling. All in all, very worth it! RPG/deck-builder/dungeon-crawler that is easy to learn yet challenging. Tons of content. Caters to casual and hardcore players. Great music. Most of all it is FUN.  Definitely TRY this game at least. What happened?  Latest update -02/22/17 only runs on a small portion of my Galaxy Tab's screen.  Game is unplayable now and I just unlocked both the Ice Cream Monk and the Jungle.... :( It's one of the best apps I have ever used. Ever since I updated it it hasn't crashed a single time no explanation for the upgrades. thats my bigest problem. small fonts is a minor pain for mobiles Fantastic game. I just wish there was more to play. Best part is that it doesn't require an internet connection to play! Refreshingly great dungeon crawler/deck building game. Well worth the cost. It gives me hope that mobile gaming isn't all just slimy free to play and match 3 games Yup. Proof that mobile games can be good, single purchase experiences. It's good todd Great game, progress has slowed a bit but still having great fun playing. Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!#$$$$$$$ Some things could have been explained better, but overall very fun. And the songs are hilarious, and definitely help take the sting out of losing a run. Funny game to kill time I love this game. Great time killer. Lots of items and characters. Real nice take on card battles. Issue at first with freezing up, but uninstalled then redownloaded, no issue so far yet. A fun game of dungeon crawling and business management with a cute paper format and a wonderful soundtrack. Superb touchscreen controls make this game a breeze to play on my phone. Highly recommended. Great Amazing, epic, made with passion! I really enjoy this game, have it on mobile and PC. I prefer the interface on mobile and love the quirky humour. The early part of the game can be hard as there's a lot to learn, but you soon. Get used to the idea that your plan won't always work. A lot of fun. Easy to play on the go and hits every right note when it comes to game play. Highly recommended. Really cool game! Some enemies and some characters are unbalanced but it is fun playing all the same! Well polished gameplay and graphics the story line is a bit lacking though Seems ok, but crashes frequently,  unfortunately crashes on moto g 3 turbo. Played on the pc and it never felt right.  It pays perfectly on a tablet. Totally addictive gameplay, great music and worth every penny Good rouge-like I'd just recently thought about how I wished for a mobile version of this magnificent game. I'm very happy. Love this game play it everywhere found it through Blitzreiger so check him Out One of the best mobile games I have ever played. Super fun and addicting as hell. Best mobile game I've ever played! Deeper gameplay than phone games I'm used to.  They also add free expansions when they come out. Character dies too quickly.  Every time. I wish it was possible to turn of the singing when exiting a dungeon - it gets annoying quite fast.. I don't normally write reviews, but this game deserves it. The bard's songs are the icing on an already great cake. I normally play all of my mobile games with the sound off, but not here. The music is fantastic! The core gameplay, humor, and personality makes this a five star game. It's one of the few mobile games I've played to completion and because of my hunger for more , I've never deleted it! My only complaint is that the game saves are not synced to the cloud. And that's only because I'm expecting a new phone soon and don't want to start over. The developer puts a lot of love and care into this game, even after initial release. Hope to see more great things from them. 💙 This is a wonderful game. There are some minor issues for me though. Sometimes freezes while loading a dungeon. Also once in a while the cards you get when choosing loot options are not showing. Other than that its awesome. And please please add cloud save through play games so i can play on multiple devices... This is major in my opinion. Thanks for a great game. I rarely feel like I got my money's worth in the app store. This is definitely one of those times. Beautiful stylised dungeon crawler. A fantastic amount of fun. I like this game cause if im bored i just quickly turn on this game and have a few rounds the art style is good and the gameplay is fun a good game indeed It's a pretty good simplistic rpg great for days when you want a small challenge or to play randomly without having too much to focus on Must buy A must have with endless replayability, very well polished, and more content in future updates. Skip your Subway sandwich for the day and get this game! Really well executed; hoping to see more content in the future Awesome idea and great game!!! Reminds me of my earlier DnD days as both a player and a Dungeon Master! Congratulations on porting this over from steam! Great Job! When is DLC "Ice Cream Headaches" coming to Android?  I will be recommending this game to my old DnD friends! Take care now. P.S. How about a "Semi-Turbo" mode of X2? X3 is a little too fast. Just a thought! Entertaining and easy to play on the go. Simple rpg elements with funny quirks. One of the best, if not the best game I've played on mobile. Makes me wish there were more premium games out there, I can't stand the f2p grind in 2017, it's too heavy. Great game. No WiFi needed, not pay to win. Love it, absolutely love it. A fun way to kill 10 or 15 minutes at a time. Well worth the price! Love it on pc had to get on mobile too. Unique premise, interesting gameplay. It is a fantastic  game I learned about it though  extra  credit on you tube the show was game you might not even heard of Great game, but has an issue that will make you fail a dungeon if you make it too big. That is a huge problem when trying for the "what graveyard" achievement. Amazingly addictive! Totally unique game that perfectly blends luck with strategy Chump smash I like apple pie, and Dungeoneering . Google game good on mobile 9/10 would send chumps to their doom and respawn my other dudes again I like the hand drawn levels and characters. Simple controls and funny bosses . Overall a good game Crashes on load 4/5 hours in, making it unplayable. Gameplay not worth the price. Go play Darkest Dungeon instead. A fun little game that is more than the sum of its parts! Lite version of Darkest Dungeon. Love it Addictive! Loved the game on PC, am glad it came to mobile where it fits perfectly. Ran into a couple minor bugs, but the game is a lot of fun! The game is great to deal with short bursts of boredom. It gets a bit repetitive if you play too long in one sitting. But it's nicely animated and the gameplay simple to understand / hard to master. Plus free DLC. :) That last level was too much. Fun overall though. Easy to get a hang of and fun to play. Great port! Great port! Great port! This is such a fun game done in a fun style. I actually own this on the PC but wanted on my tablet too.  Just pure fun. I love the music it really brings the game to life. The humor is great game play is really fun it will keep you entertained for hours. Keep up the great work So funny, and fun. Just enjoy it, not many like it. Fun game! Someone difficult, but rewarding! Perfect game for short sessions. Motivates for quite some time and is definitely worth the price. Good soundtrack, solid premise and controls. One of my favourite mobile games of all time. I've completed it and still play, hoping for another expansion or maybe a sequel on the horizon! Great game that can be difficult at times. Failing hurts when you have a hero with lots of perks, but is never too upsetting. I was nervous that it would get repetitive starting at level 1 every dungeon, but the different areas really change it up. Definitely worth the money. Runs well on my tablet & phone Charming art, delightful music, and a wonderfully dry narrator. Great game, great gameplay, great soundtrack, great port. Excellent game, great way to waste some time and plays exponentially better than your average Free to Play title. Great rogue game, I've been playing the hell out of this game for the past 2 weeks. My go to game. Great way to pass time. Most matches can be completed in under 10 minutes. Perfect if you're on the go. Expected longer dungeons. Once completed its random. No updates in half a year. Has limited replay. Really enjoyed both mechanics and layout of the game. It reminds me a lot of Munchkins - extra silly but you get really invested in the characters (until they die but what can you do? 😁). However, there is a persistent bug after unlocking the jungle levels; after the first battle (successful or not) the game becomes unresponsive and I need to forcefully exit. Really hope this get fixed soon as it is quite annoying. One of the most addictive games for Android. I only wish it was longer. The game is amazing, the concept of dungeons and cards is well done. I don't see the time passing when I'm playing it, I love how it's easy to grasp but hard to master. A great fully fledged game that worth its price! If only all mobile games could be this good. Well paced, good concept, fantastic music with a large variety of little sonnets for wins and losses. You buy it you own it. No IAPS. No dilution of content or needless time wasting to get you to purchase more or watch ads. Really fun and addictive. Very humorous, too. Perfect size on tablet. Text is a little small on the phone. Highly recommended if you like card games and rougelikes. Having a blast with this game. I love the gameplay style wide variety of stratagies and quest types. And then the music... Oh the music... My favorite part. Always brings pleasure to my ears. I don't expect, or even want, the game to be easy. But when you give your dungeoneer every advantage available, but you can't beat the your second dungeon (any of the ones available), and there's nearly 30 tombstones in your graveyard, then either you're the unluckiest bastard ever, or the game needs tweaked. Recommended to me by extra credits on youtube Great roguelike dungeon crawler with turn-based CCG combat and light persistence elements. Highly recommend! The music alone is worth the buy. And the game fun as well. Mmmmm hmmm Great game to pass the time. Excellent idea will implemented Super fun, original and addicting! But... your dungeoneers come in random appearances, gender and names. You can change their names at will but not their appearance/gender. None of this affects your gameplay, but adding this pathetically simple feature is not only easy to do but would make this gme worthy of the price. Best game I've played on Android. This is a great game. I only wish that it didn't occasionally freeze up when I'm battling in a dungeon, causing me to lose my dungeoneer and progress in the dungeon. Fun experience. Nyce game. Probably the most fun I've had with a mobile game ever. and boring What mobile gaming should be. The guild of dungeoneering song was hilarious, and you get to pwn monsters!!! Fantastic game, after keeping an eye on it during its release on pc I decided I needed something to play on my phone when I'm out and about. This scratches the itch well. Great rogue like, funny humour and addictive game play.  Worth the money. Plus the DLC is free for android instead of the pc version which is a nice bonus This would make a great board game. Could have done with more story to keep me engaged as the dungeoneers are so expendable. Best game on my phone I've ever played. I find myself choosing it over big name titles when I'm bored. This game is great - it's that simple. It has been a long time since an app has captivated my attention this much, and the challenges presented by this game are more than enough to keep me coming back time and again. The combat system is fun and easy to learn, the art is beautiful and the depth of detail is amazing (What I found especially likable is the fact that your character's portrait art adapts to the gear being worn) and the sound track is beautifully done. 5 stars, much fun! I'm not a fan of leaving reviews but this game is so good I just have to. Honestly, give it a go! Hard but fun! Love the game, graphics and sound are great and the control are perfect, but can you please please add cloud save support for Android so I can carry on playing on multiple devices, it's also great for when you get a new device you can just install the game and carry on where you left off. Thanks It's like a mobile version of hand of fate and darkest dungeon but with a light hearted tone Simply Amazing Actually has substance unlike most mobile 'games.' A well implemented, if a little basic, dungeon crawling card game. The game achieves a marginal level of depth while maintaining short and fun play sessions. The 'Battle Scars' system can be a little frustrating because your characters tend to be short lived so even if you get a good trait you may not be able to enjoy it for more than one or two levels. There are some minor performance issues that can be annoying but they are also largely avoidable as long as you don't switch in and out of the game often. Cool idea executed greatly. But after a while you might be looking for something else to do, but there's only one thing for you to do: dungeon crawl. And if you get bored of that, there's nothing left for you to do... Too easy and monotone Solid game play, love the music!  Edit: the text (like after I kill bosses) are not formatted to fit my screen very well, some of it is blocked by picture, and the final line is always half offscreen. This game good Played on pc. Fun. But the simple nature of controls makes it a much better experience on mobile for me. Fun game. Lots of style and humor. Don't over think it, just buy it and have fun. Best toilet game 2016! Everything about this game is great.  You can play offline. There is a lot of strategy and a little luck. It's a great game that sometimes crashes. 4/5 Results too random for my taste.  Seems like luck of the draw rules this game more than strategy. Also, this game requires tablet screen size IMHO.  Very difficult to make out monster levels and other detail on a phone screen and mine is 6". This game is challenging I feel I could compare this to the souls series if they were made into a card based rouge-like it took me time to get what I was supposed to do on point but when I did it was satisfing Great game. Sometimes it can get a little bit difficult to complete missions, but still very fun! Amazing game, great soundtracks. I only wish the difficulty would be a bit more progressive as I place down monsters much higher than my dungeoneer without knowing it and they keep dying. I would say the weakest point of the game is the graphics. I would like a colour version with nice textures. Nice little card game. Very enjoyable. Like the songs when your little adventurer bites the dust. Sometimes I just closed the game to open it again and have it start the songs again.  Awesome game too. I really love it! Two qualms, I wish I could zoom in on maps and I wish I could turn off the expansion. Having a blast but can get a little repetitive after a while. Super fun Fun, but a little repetitive. I really like this game, but a little more explanation on how to play would have made it quicker to get into. It really need a help page or tutorial. Brilliant game! Amazing Fun game that takes a fun spin on dungeon crawling and card based games. I'm also glad I don't have to deal with ads and am happy that the game feels worth the price of admission. Challenging game play that keeps you coming back for more. No pay to win options and very amusing graphics and sound track. This one s a keeper. I don't suppose I can give a fair review as I was never able to play the game. It stayed on the 'unpacking'/loading screen for ten minutes and it remains there now... Unique and fun game. No annoying purchases or ads just strategic entertainment. Very well done Good twist on a classic. Some frame rate stutter with enemies that have "burn" ability, otherwise runs smoothy on samsung galaxy tab s Very well done game. Classes are fun and unique, the tooltips were actually helpful for once, and the bard is amusing. Highly recommended. I haven't had time to dive in too deep yet but so far this game has been great. I can already see how the relatively simple mechanics will combine with new and unique cards later on to keep the game challenging. Really enjoy the diversity of the card based gameplay. Each of the dungeoneers feels quite different. Great port. Crashes once in awhile. Has a fantastic art style and a simple but fun combat system with cards. Great time waster. This is by far the best non standard strategy rpg on the Android it's great. If you want a final Fantasy tactics clone, this is not it though! All the yes. Do play :) Got a new phone and my save didn't transfer. Sent an email to them but after I said what they suggested didn't help was ignored. Great game but the developers weren't very helpful. Would love to play my save. Love this game, nice little casual game. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the grinding involved to unlock guild expansions gets a bit tedious when you need to farm 24k gold for all the tier 3 upgrades, but overall good fun One of the best time killer out there!  Worth the 💰 Fantastic clearly communicated mechanics.  Games in this genre are often convoluted and opaque when it comes to figuring out why some things happen.  The devs did a great job keeping things clear.  Love it. Delightful! Yup sikwitit... Very fun game, combat can be very frustrating when the cards don't turn up your way. Can't wait for the next dlc! Very fun and repeatable! Funny game with dark undertones Exactly the game I've been looking for Fantastic game! This game amazing I should buy it on steam too because is game is puzzle + dark soul in 2D with nice character drawing. Simple, fast, addictive. Amazing soundtrack. Fun and addictive gameplay that's simple so it's easy to jump into whenever. Addictive deck building and exploration game I love the music This game is really quite fun! The big screen mode makes this truly special game a pleasure to play. Love it. It reminds me of the days my friends and I made our in games to play after class. Do you remember when games were fun, and when you purchased, your buying's done? Except for expansions, which are not shunned. That's Guild of Dungeoneering This has been a good game. The music is great and i widh there was more and the game play is good and interesting however it can be quite annoying in combat especially if you dont have the right dungenerer This game is one of the best games on the app store. Amazing music, gameplay and humor. Good job devs. Keep it up! Loads of fun This game is great when you want a quick game and makes you think. I love how you have to work to get the gear every playthrough. It means I can never just power through. The songs are cute too. Only issue I have is the writing. It's so tiny that I can't read it very well, but it's a small issue and I can live with it. Replayable and endlessly engaging Bought this game on PC a while ago and thought it would be a good fit for touch screen devices such as phones and tablets, so I'm very pleased to see it come to this platform. Cool concept Fantastic, addictive gameplay. Hooked on the first dungeon. The music is fantastic as well Addictive, fun, and has a great soundtrack. Only gripe is that it could use just a bit more tutorial. Too hard and monotonous Addictive and fun How this game hasn't won a thousand awards and accolades is beyond comprehension. The bard's rhymes alone are worth the handful of pennies they're asking for, and the game itself is challenging, funny, entertaining, and even fun. I took a risk and jumped right in, and I'm supremely glad I did. This is a dungeon crawler - kind of - with more than a few twists. Best of breed, most worthy. This game is amazing. It even adds humor and benefit to failure, in addition to being full of great little tidbits to uncover. Yes, the gameplay is great, but it's the style and verve that put this one over the top. This is a much more streamlined and simple strategy game, but it's intuitive and engaging. The shorter sessions and less complex mechanics makes it a good fit for those times when you don't have that much time to sink into a more complex, longer strategy campaign. I really like the concept. The art style is fun, and the music is fabulous. I also think the basic mechanics behind the combat card game are solid. That said, a huge percentage of the combat outcome is based on random (whether or not you draw the right card), and I feel like the actual number of meaningful options presented to the player is really pretty low, and it's definitely started to feel like a bit of a grind. I love this game,it has a unique spin to its gameplay without any major balance issues. The soundtrack fits and the bard has made me laugh quite a few times. Only issue I have had is a bug where if I make them discard too many times,the game simply hangs and doesn't go onto the next turn. I get an error on the last quest on the ship. 1009, (and something more) mouseover and the game crashes. Finished everything else and i love it. Will rate 5 stars if there is an answer to the crash and that it will be fixed. Don't be scared off by the high price tag, this is the only mobile game that I want to play anymore. I highly recommend it! A fun little game. Card based with some strategy. Be prepared for your warriors to die quite a bit until you rank up your guild. Just amazing. Really great roguelike  though classes feel a bit unbalanced. Lovely little rpg with an interesting twist on standars dungeon crawl and ccg mechanics. Great game. The gameplay is fun and engaging, and the songs are funny, but the game does have a tendency to lag or even crash on my device. Fun and challenging This game is super repetitive, and there is next to no strategy. Good game worth the price Great game, awesome music! Good solid fun A all around great game, unique style of game play and art with a pretty great soundtrack as well. Amusing time waster. A bit repetitive but good. Worth the money only wish there were more hard songs because hearing them repeat is annoying. I am a fan of deck building games and the way this one is certainly no exception Doesn't work Fun rpg dungeon crawling game play mixed with a nice art style and good music The music and gameplay make for a good mobile phone time killer game Hey... I discovered this game on a top 10 list for pc games as a throw out there lists for mobile games.  It's was stated in the video this game is worth it for the music alone.  I agree but this game is worth it on its own also.  I love it and can't put it down. Worth every penny. Wonderfully fun game with music to, *ahem* die for.... Favorite game on android right now 😍 Simple to pick up and highly addictive. Its really fun working out the best combinations of gear for each character or sobbing as you get unlucky card draws... Really pleased I bought this. Das est gut Great game for mobile Entertaining, and enjoyable. Great way to kill some time, without being to tedious. Great game well worth the price Fun for some time then gets boring I love how well the system is designed. You can upgrade dungeon difficulty at the proper pace for your character. Your cards upgrade at a fun pace and your overall progress also slowly upgrades at a fun pace. I only wish I could go back to do previous levels for gold but that would probably leave me overpowered for the content. Absolutely great music and art design too. kk Gameplay was excellent too! But seriously, don't be a chump. Get this game. Great game play, however if I force exit the game during a battle a bug that causes most animations not to happen persists, even if I restart the device Still waiting in a refund! The devs have been non-responsive to emails! Even better on mobile The game play is fun and compact: great for 10 or 30 minutes,  perfect for mobile. The songs make for a fantastic atmosphere. It's a great game that provides the right touches with amazing music and has a hilarious sense a humor as you play. Strong recommendation. Is fun It's a frustrating game and you do need to grind... great little amusing dungeon crawler Lots of fun to be had with this one. Excellent little gem of game. Sketchy graphics...love em. Guild building, card placing, dungeoneer sacrificing fun. On Steam the Guild of Dungeoneering was mediocre to good, but the additional portability with no loss of functionality really adds another dimension to the game. Only downside is the inability to continue my save file across platforms, but that's a non-issue considering when I last played it on PC. The title says it all. Worth every penny Awesome little game, better on mobile than pc Very good port. Fun time for sure. Can't stop playing! My graveyard just keeps on expanding. Unique game play and combat system.  Pretty funny, too. Amazing So nice to find a game with gameplay 从电脑版一直追到现在，萌萌哒的画风，有趣的战斗，完整的世界观，以及休闲却不失风采的游戏体验！ Such a win. Great game to chip away at a little bit at a time. Great port of the PC game. High quality for a mobile game, love the soundtrack Rare mobile game that's 100% worth your money and doesn't try to milk you with pay to win in app purchases. Great little game with great strategy elements This is one of the best games I've played on Android. I highly recommend it for card based RPG fans. I hope more content and games just like this get produced. This is by far the best phone game I have ever picked up. I agree with most other comments. Is a fun game. The only problem is RNG on the dungeon cards. Can we not get an algorithm to prevent failure due to not getting the right cards in time? Fun but RNG can really suck Awesome game.  I really enjoy this game.  Especially unlocking all the classes and figuring out which applies best to certain situations. Thought the game had very interesting mechanics, the bard was endearing at first, but sometimes the delivery or writing would get on my nerves.  Maybe it was because of the limited pool of songs he would sing at the end of a dungeon.  Either way, I would highly recommend the experience. Hilarious narrative, but as of yet I have not run into a whole lot of story. Sorry would name the repetitive nature of the game much more manageable. It can also be a bit glitchy if I play for more than 10 minutes. It's ok. Designed to be frustrating. No bugs has worked perfectly. But it's so much easier to be able to play it wherever I go, and I like that the hearts have a number on the mobile one as opposed to showing all the hearts on the pc The game is very fun, charming, and humorous. Just so you know, every hero is disposable. Dying is more of an inconvenience, if anything. A fun game that reminds me of some tile based dungeon boardgames.  The hardest bit is the start of every mission when your dungeoneer is at level 1, but if you clear that hurtle you usually snowball to victory.  One minor quibble is the small font size which is a nuisance on small phones. Essentially the only thing I play on my phone. So good. Really great game! Great on pc better on mobile I'm a dedicated pc gamer, but I've found myself more addicted to this game than any other game that has come out recently, and it's perfect for mobile. A true masterpiece. Worth every penny. It's a good game. Still needs to be updated but there is enough content there to entertain for many hours. It's pretty difficult at first but once you reach a particular hero the game becomes s breeze. Hint: more cards equals easier wins. Loads of fun. Started off on pc and it shows I find this game so addictive. No matter how many times I get defeated I keep carrying on. Love this game. This is a good fun quality game. The songs make me laugh. The gameplay loop is fun, so being repetitive isn't a terrible thing. However, there is a lot of randomness between which cards you have available due to random loot drops and which cards get drawn. Fun stuff but mechanics are pretty heavily based on luck. This game is well worth the price. I've really enjoyed it. Wonderful, entertaining game! Great to pick up and play a little at a time. It is... Having any attachment to your adventurers is punished by the cold and random chance of what loot or what cards you have to create the dungeon.. I wish there were more description on how to build decks and the ability to leave a dungeon if youre not near enemies such that you might save your favourites if you get bad draws.. This is a really fun little game with a charming aesthetic. There's no real tutorial but the combat is intuitive enough that you won't really need one. Don't get attached to your first few adventurers though, as they will absolutely 100% die. Failure isn't harshly punished though, so you won't have to restart. I've waited so long to find this on Google Play, love this game awesome fun Happy there was an expansion added, would love however if app could be resizable so I could play on chromebook in fullscreen, and that game data could be backed up and synced between devices. Got even better with the pirate update. Love this game. Yes Nice offline game Only Dl if you wont throw your tablet when you fail, you will fail but its part of the fun. Also I would love the narrator to read my obituary! Only real complaint is how much luck of the draw matters. If you had more control over what cards are in your deck it may help. 10/10 would send countless rejects to theirs deaths again Loved it. High level magic based classes are op. Tons of fun, but tends to crash a lot. Great game, but... Am I the only one that sees NO increase in character level after completing quests/killing monsters? And in a real RPG, u can repeat levels already finished. Not here. It's linear as hell, and offers no incentive to keep a character going. Ive been waiting for this to come to mobile one of the funnest games I've play in a while I basically ended up playing only 3 different classes because most are crap. Also it's always the same: kill a few enemies and unlock the same cards every time. Apart from some bugs the game is good but gets boring after a few hours Any idea why my characters are now invisible? I can't see their bodies, just their faces/hair/clothes. Nexus 6 Android 7.0 Been anticipating the Android port of this game ever since playing the original PC version. Well done. Love the sense of humor. The fact people who have been pumping the same way as the one that is not the only thing that you can have yourself and your family are all the best way of getting the best way of life in the public sector organisations and individuals who are looking to recruit for the first time how funny it is not the only thing I have been pumping out for months without out considering what makes you feel powerful whilst I am not a good idea 💡 to be the nation of a human rights reserved a few weeks and I have never. Pretty reparative but difficult enough I keep playing. But I quickly realized that the lack of control and ability to maintain items and manage your guild members makes this game a flop.  If I could manage characters, even a little, or customize the deck or if the guild rooms did ANYTHING but make more types of items spawn after killing a monster that you can't keep.  Anything more would have made this game amazing. I loved this game on Steam, had to get it on my phone. A lot of fun Awesome, cute graphics, really top notch music for a mobile game, and entertaining play style. Many people complain on here about it being too luck based or too hard, but I found it to be a great challenge level with not too much luck dependency. An absolute must-buy! This is ultimately a great game that I keep going back to. Nice to see a game that is pay once up front too. A few bugs let it down though. Card images often won't render. I also bought an upgrade for my dungeon, which disappeared from existence. Ruined my game and had to start again. Still love it though. I am using a Samsung Galaxy S5 (SM-G900F) - Android Version 6.0.1 Also, the developers have yet to respond to an email.  ***EDIT - I used the button built into the play store listing. Is there another I should use? It's a good game reminds me of dungeons and dragon In rogue fashion this is a very challenging game. It seems sometimes that your deck build (which you really don't have control over) is so poor that your Dungeoneer is doomed from the get-go.  I think there could be more to the tutorial in teaching better strategy (i.e., equipping your character with loot to better their deck, card draws, etc.,)   Right now it just shows you the initial mechani This game is a fantastic effort held back somewhat by frequent freezing and a slight over reliance on RNG. It's very good, and very fun. Overall, I would highly recommend it to any fans of dungeon crawling. Also, it's hilarious, so well done there. Much more fun than I thought it would be. Fun, quick, interesting, and good for short sessions. Enough choice to make it exciting, but not enough to make it a chore or put you into indecision land. Great little time killer. A bit grindy but overall well done. Stable. Fun and not to long. I need more levels! Awesome game. Somewhat challenging to progress but loads of fun nevertheless This game is very rich in content and is full of strategy and luck, of course. You can easily play it in small or long sessions, and it also has a quirky sense of humour. I highly recommend it Better and cheaper than those pre-made crappy Margaritas you get at any corporate restaurant chain and it will not make you puke Dayglo colors. The music is by far better than any of the music you will hear in said crappy restaurant chains too. Great little dungeon crawler/builder Loved it. No lag So many cards.  Six classes of players.  Fun time waster Great time waster. I love this game. I wanted it ever since I watched some streamers play the pc version when it was first released. Now that it's for android and I just had to buy it. THIS GAME KILLED MY BEST BRUISER!! Hours of new and more fun I already bought this game on steam but I was happy to buy it on mobile due to the large amount of content and great replaybility. Loved it Great! The soundtrack is amazing,  game play is challenging and a bit based on luck. Really fun and funny game! The combats start to repeat themselves quickly. I would also love a feature that combats speed could be tripled, but speech bubles would not. Almost all the times you lose,  it is because you made a mistake. This is a delightful little dungeon crawl RPG, but seems to be plagued by bugs. Upon first opening the game, it hung and crashed upon choosing "new game". And it continually oversizes the play screen beyond the size of my physical screen so that the edges all get cut off. I don't know if this is an incompatibility with the latest Android OS, but I would give this five stars but for this incredibly irritating bug. I did figure out a bug fix: activate UI editor and remove top bar icons. Shouldn't need to tho. Great concept, original music score and game mechanics. Fun and quirky for a few hours, but quickly gets old. Excellent card battle game, with up front good value pricing - well done devs! The humor is great and the game mechanics make for many hours of fun. The game is a bit heavy, coming in at several hundred megabytes, and is a bit slow when loading or switching between activities. These issues could be fixed by changing the audio encoding and compressing assets better, and by profiling and optimizing code. love the game but it is really buggy and no support from the devs. :( Great game, lots of fun, easy entertainment.  Just don't get too frustrated if your guy gets bad cards or doesn't do what you want him to. Have been enjoying this game. Some parts of it are challenging. You can watch game play on YouTube before purchasing , that's what I did. At about a month in: I am still glad with my purchase. Great game, runs well on my s7. Was hesitant to pay $5 for a phone game but was well worth it. I love the tactics involved. And that I can choose, how to play. One day i like the tanky approach and choose the bruiser. On another I want burn the enemy down and use the knight or ranger. Or, or, or. Another thing I like in this game are the class specific comments. The Cartomancer really is a geek :) This is pretty fun I bought this game for PC last year but didn't play it that much. It's a perfect fit for mobile devices, though, since it's turn based and you can get through a dungeon in just a few minutes. Great game. Good game, great mix of triumphant success and cruel failure. Yes! Why doesn't it use the Google profile to keep synced across devices.  Kind of a waste Love it. Been waiting almost a year since discovering this gem on Steam. Now I can sit awake all night playing to my death! SWEET. Really enjoy the basic mechanics, but ever changing strategy. Individuals dungeon runs are short and contained it's easy to play every once in a while, and keeps my attention. Great love it Great concept, great graphics, lacks plot/story Love the game, unique idea, awesome art style and great commentary from "The Bard".  I can't seem to unlock Pirate Cove tho... Amazing game Love it Just beat it. About to try for the achievements. Can't wait for the next expansion. Fun stuff Great game. See the title! That says it all! Fun! Challenging! I Love It! Good overall game, but the last update wiped my save! FUN AND ADDICTIVE Note 5 it was working great. Now it crashes or freezes at first screen. Can't play 3rd time that rate me had popped up. This is a beautiful notebook like drawing game. It has its qualities and can be really addictive...but for what you see on screen the size of memory it takes (588 MB on S4) it is destined to be deleted as soon as the game is comleted. Which is quite disappointing. And for the money you ask for it should be bit longer...thanks anyway I enjoyed the songs...&lt;3 One of my favorite games of all time. Game is great, but there are some port issues and bugs. Brilliantly executed. Fun, frustrating and highly replayable. Definitely recommended. Best game in a while Needs zoom capability for phones to get a better rating. Very impressed with this game. Love the art style. Good game not like anything I've played before though I'm sure there are things. Very well made, funny and cool sound & art style. Simple but complex; Reminds me of old school 1970's & 80's style rpg fun Everything is random. Nothing is rewarding. Expect to die and fail dungeons many many times because of lack of tutorial and just plain randomness. You will eventually get the hang of the chaos that this game is. Sure, you pick the class "suitable" for the dungeon, but movement, attack, defense, loot, ALL RANDOM. Whats worse is that the reward for completion is crap. You get some gold to spend on ur base (not enough, tier 2 is too expensive), but ur character ends up getting debuff. ... everythjng is random. Hard enough to be challenging and keep interest, but easy enough to not get frustrated with. Where is it? I play games on my phone and tablet? Until i can ,4 stars. Good game , but i need the ease of access on more than one device. Challenging.  Perfect balance between luck and skill.  Fun. I thought the game would be too simple, but it is a challenge. It is really a deck building game, but a really good one. Lots of fun. Fantastic concept.  Great execution Good god, team. This game has me hooked! It's deceptively simple, yet so challenging. The card aspect to dungeon creation (reminds me of a much loved Munchkin Quest) combined with the card battles yields immense randomness. So good. I'm gonna play this till my phone dies and I find a charger, then I'm gonna play it some more. Pretty fun.  Love quality games without ads.  Once you get used to your dungeoneers dying, the game is a blast and fills a good 10 minute time slot per mission. And then it takes a few minutes to get back to where I was. Very frustrating. I want to enjoy the game. Hoping for an update to fix it soon. Had it on the PC for ages and I am delighted I can now play it on my normal commute. A game close to my heart. Excellent music and sound, graphics and art perfect for the occasion and a funny story. An essential purchase if you like any sort of dungeon crawling game. Great game, very well done! Unique The narrator is so annoying and the game is lacking. Recommended highly, perfect port from the original on PC. So much fun! The characters are adorable and the bard is hilarious! Though you can affect the odds, I am unwilling to accept that any deaths I've had in my time with this game were a result of my own making. The game often gives you unwinnable hands and wastes your ruching time by making your last few minutes of play completely irrelevant. Fun and funny This game is similar to the PC game Darkest Dungeons, in that you manage a roster of heroes, and can only influence their behavior. It has a card based combat mechanic, which is very fun, easy to learn, but with plenty of complexity to keep you interested. The dungeon building and hero luring mechanics are also a lot of fun, and the writing is hilarious. If you enjoy RPGs with a strong sense of strategy, you will LOVE this game. Great game. Wish there was reason to try and go higher than lvl 4 with a character Can't complain I watch gameplay of it from a youtuber who was playing this on Steam. But transfer into a mobile game? I love it and think this was where it was meant to be, due to its simplistic mechanics. Fun game as a five minute time filler or for a longer session. It crashes after a few games but please I really enjoy this game it's one my most favorite game of all time Seems like a great game but the crashes are so frequent (every 5 minutes) on my device that it's currently unplayable. Devs, any chance of an update? Been waiting for this game for an age, finally it's here and I can't put it down. Perfect difficulty, easy to learn. Love the minstrel even if he wishes my dungeoneers dead. Also got free dlc too. Awesome game, very addicting. If you are the D&D and Manchkin type, this game is perfect for you I own this game both on pc and mobile. I really enjoy it more on mobile because I'm always on the go and this game can play without access to internet. One thing I wish they would implement is syncing with your pc version if you own both. I've gone so much further in this mobile version, and would like too continue game on pc and vice versa. 5 stars from me! Fun, engaging, great humour Enjoyable enough to recommend it but I feel the devs missed a trick with a game that actually makes you feel like you're challenged to make progression. It's pretty easy. Even if your best hero dies, a near replica will come along a little later. The dungeons are easy to progress through. And a battle can fail simply by a bad luck of cards even if you play your best. But it's ok to pass the time during my commute. Great interface for a modern classic. Despite being a rather simplistic game there is alot to it is unique in style, fresh idea to the dungeon crawler genre. The unique simplistic art style keeps phone demand and battery drain low for a game that runs so smooth. No complaints They've released Pirate's Cove, the first adventure pack. It was great fun and I like the sound of that "first" as I'm eager for more content. Once again I beat the game, went back to beat it again, and am now eagerly awaiting the next adventure. This game is a lot of fun. Just don't get discouraged if you lose some characters. Bought it purely based on a game review. Probably have given up on it today. Will be uninstalling and moving on. Original and well implemented concept, very fun. Great pick up and play anytime and anywhere. Perfect amount of depth. Normally I lose interest in games within 10 mins. nice game Its more fun building the dungeon then running them for a chance. I feel like a retired hero sending all my enemies to die. Love pirate cove, maybe vikings next?? Will get banner saga soon. Freezes after selecting a game since the Pirate's Cove update. UPDATE: working again, thanks for the quick fix. Glad I can get it on mobile. Been having a minor issue where cards for both monsters and my Dungeoneers, fail to load and simply appear blank, though tapping them does still give the proper description. Typically happens when I'm using the Alchemist. Seems like something the Devs should know. Perfect except need cloud save One of the best game on the play store Fun game but not for people that dislike relying on the draw of the cards to progress.  I like the stylistic artwork and the music is fantastically in theme with the game. Well worth the money. No in app purchases! Yay! Quests are just the right length! The game won't load past the loading screen.  I tried new game and load existing ones.  Neither will load. Active development, free update, just plain fun, what more? Thanks for bringing this to android. Very repetitive. Atleast in rogue games you keep something, stats skills something. In this you get 2 scars. One of which gets upgraded. Fun game, a bit of a battery hog so keep an eye on it. I put a lot of time into the PC version on Steam and this is basically the same game. Really works on mobile ; enough depth to be engaging, but not so complex that you'd rather play it elsewhere. Played this game on the pc and this is an excelent port It doesn't get better than this, for this style of game. I've been playing this game every free minute I have since I bought it two days ago. I like the mixture of rouge-like and cards. The game has just the right amount of difficulty (at least as far as I've gotten) and random that makes me want to keep trying to complete that one quest. nuff said I would have gave it 5 stars but the game keeps blocking when I have to discard an enemy card Only problem is sometimes the screen is too far away from your dungeoneer when they say funny stuff. Loved the way we can play but i wishthere would be more characters to buy ilikeit When will the Pirate's Cove expansion come out? I like the randomness of it all, just wish there were more enemies and less grinding for gold. Still a must by for any fan of D&D. Music, narration and style are all impecible and often downright hilarious.  The game is loads of fun and shows proves "real" games can work on mobile. Unique gameplay and nice art with a bit of comedy writing which are complement each others, so far i really enjoyed it. Although, I think it is better if you can to add cloud saves feature, local save in mobile is not reliable IMHO First played at a buddies house on PC.  Then found out it was on Android. Here is to hoping we get a PS4 version. Was interested when I saw this game on PC, but mobile is definitely the way to play. No free-to-play pestering! I had times that were fun Awe . Chump deserve more! But could you possibly add pets as a companion? This game is great. I'd love to see more adventures and more equipment cards. I love this game.  I own it for pc and love that it ports true to my phone. Fun mix of RPG board game and card game  was defiantly worth buying a bit of grinding required in parts some luck involved but loads of replay value and easy to learn Build and traverse a Dungeon with poor adventurers that don't know what they're about to get into... Yeah fun so far. Great dungeon crawler A bit too dependent on luck This is the first game I have actually paid for based on the reviews and was really looking forward to playing it but it keeps shutting down after  making the first barracks and won't go any further. Gutted It is such a neat idea, too bad it is buggy as all get out on a 2nd gen moto g.  The music is especially great. I played a beta of this game a while back and decided it would be the Perfect mobile game; I'm glad the devs agreed! The dungeon building is fast and has a fair bit of strategy. The battles have enough RNG to add spice but not so much to be unfair. And the presentation is amazing! Absolutely worth looking at if you love boardgames or rogue-likes! Fun. I feel like a form a great bond with a chump and then he dies. Then i have to start all over with someone new. Then they die too. At least I can always visit them in the graveyard. One of the best games I've played Great gameplay, rogue like, and the bard is the best. Fun , love the music , get it ... It's hard to not have any deaths. It's a nicely difficult game. But i wish I could go back to levels, instead of having to complete the area. Easy to play hard to master Cannot wait for updates. Game has alot of potential. Excited to see where this goes. Artwork is fantastic.  Lots of funny bits.  Incredibly creative.  100% worth it. Great game. Love the style and graphics. Gameplay on mobile is intuitive and fluid. Great game and the narrator's snarkiness is perfect.  Only one minor bug.  If you play a card that forces the enemy to discard a card while their deck is empty, the game will lock up. I have only had this happen once. Very fun rogue like and presents a nice challenge. Great mix of strategy and tactics in a sweet package. I have been playing this card game for a while, also have it on steam.  The game is good fun, the music seemed wierd to me at first but grew into something I really enjoy.  If you like card games its a must have! An extremely fun game for filling a few minutes or a few hours. Solid mix of luck and skill. I'd recommend using headphones if you're in a public place because the music is not to be missed. I love this game. The gameplay is awesome and unique, it has rogue like qualities and rpg elements. And the soundtrack is very good. I never get tired of the voices and music. I look forward to them! It's a deck building dungeon crawler, lots of fun, strategy, and dead adventures. Really good game for the price for people that like turn -based games but please make the player AI better or let us chose where he goes as my character keeps dying after walking away from the path and low level enemies that I'be carefully placed for him right into the boss at rank 2 Definitely not worth the money i spent, but its okay. Would be 3 stars but there is an issue if you try to discard an enemy when they have 1 card left in their deck. Awesome game perfect for mobile Great Mechanic, a sense of humor, all around great game. Has crashed a few times, but I have an older phone so no big deal. Very enjoyable game, highly suggest developers release DLCs to mobile version too. Like Pirates Cove Great game, could be improved with cloud saves. Visuals, mechanics and concept are all quite excellent. My one and only but (and maybe it's just me) is that it is seriously hard. This is compounded by the random draw of cards that will quite often (and despite any improvements to your deck) just leave you with a bad hand and no way out except by losing another character. Will randomly crash during play. LG X Power Very fun and entertaining game!! Good. Little grindy though. Great game on mobile and pc. Fun game with engaging mechanics and a wonderful sense of humor. Cute graphics, funny texts and most important - very interesting mechanics! I love the game but it kills my battery. Could you try to cut down on the cpu or something? Also it would be awesome to have cloud saves since I'm getting a new phone soon. Simple mechanics, grinding and random The music is absolutely awesome and hilarious.  And quite an awesome choose your own adventure game. Runs great. Good to poke at in short bursts. I really like the game. Incredibly unique and lots of fun. However, I notice some of the cards don't perform the right action. For example; whenever I play a card thats supposed to block one physical or magical damage, I receive said damage anyways. The art is fun and the gameplay is easy yet complex at the same time. All in all a great game and time killer. Very enjoyable. It is an amazing game for all ages Reminds me a lot of munchkin Fantastic little game, tons of fun, and an awesome soundtrack to boot! I love it! Game that has a lot of replay easy to pick up but takes some time to master .  Not real deep but perfect if you want to play for 5 min or 40. Also easy to stop are a moment if you are waiting for someone or thing. Good music, concept, and humor. Addicting and can be quite challenging. Awesome. Best phone game I have played. Save is not sync across devices I love the hell  out of this game. It's munchkin meets dnd Love the game, its mechanics and its look. I love the casual approach of sending numerous chumps to their doom. A suggestion: I understand that the graveyard can hold an infinite number of graves. I was curious if an option could be added where you could remove some, specifically those chumps that didn't survive even one adventure. Call me a monster, but I only want honored chumps with some adventures under their belt to populate my graveyard 😀 Great port of a great game at a great price! The soundtrack is amazing and no IAP. Querky, I love it, too addictive Fun game.  You start playing and an hour later realize is an hour later.  Totally worth the price. Very nice to have a strategy game that is actually good Was waiting for this to go on sale on pc a while back, saw on play store and bought it. Perfect game for mobile devices. It's easy to see the effort put into the game. Everything looks like a sketch, complete with cute flavor texts, and a GM-like narration as if replicating real life pen and paper rpg. Plenty of playtime from the main game alone plus the upcoming dlcs as updates. This is a joy to play. I can't fault the game for any technical aspects, or even any content problems. The only reason I give it 4 stars is that their design choices cause the game to often feel too RNG based. There are no less than 7 different core elements to success, any one of which can thwart you on a micro or macro gameplay level. While I understand that rolling with the RNG is what this game is based around, there enough elements out of your control it strip away the opportunity to feel successful from planning or strategy It doesn't matter how intelligent or strategic you are in this game if the game doesn't give you the right cards you're dead also Battle Scars... Some of them are good but I find that most of the time I end up with bad ones and there's no way to make sure you get a good one. Other than that it's a fun intriguing game. I do hope that they create a way for you to obtain better Battle Scars. There is no pay wall which I love and I am able to progress at a rate that I am comfortable with while having fun I purchased this game on PC, but I had to get it on mobile as well. This game helps me throw away countless hours, and it's not wasted time! An absolute ton of fun! So hard but fun It's something different. I like it alot. Guild of dungeoneering is a card game of Adventure. As you upgrade your guild you add Heroes and you add equipment. Fight the beasties take the treasure. The art style is awesome. The card play is easy to learn. Accept that you will loose adventurers along the way, but another will replace it quickly. Highly recommended. Plays just like the Steam version. This game is probly one of my favrate card games if not my favrate game it adds alot of good elements to the game when you hear a card game your like oh that cool (not really) but this game takes that and  crumbles it up and throws it away this card game from its rpg elements to its amazing art style its only a card game and it's amazing and it has good replay value cause there are multiple ways to go out the over all this game is a defenint buy so what are you doing reading this comment, go buy the game! It's a simple little game hard at first, but even after figuring it out still challenging and can't seem to keep all my favorite characters alive hahaha Fun! It's awesome sauce and amazeballs. Deeper than most app games. Enjoying it longer than expected. So much fun! It can be frustrating when you lose your best player. Really great but frustrating Not much skill involved - just wait for random luck This is a nice game with (so far) regular bugfixes. Well done devs for sorting stuff out :-) Great game As a PC gamer I'm not a big fan of mobile gaming in fact I don't like to play on my smartphone and never played anything longer than few minutes. However, the other day my friend showed me this game and I loved it. Bought it the next day! There's a bit of a choke point near the end of the first set of missions, but otherwise it is a pure delight. Stick with it and enjoy! Great game! Really fun game! A great game! Super addictive, and a GREAT way to pass the time! No wonder the soundtrack is for sale seperetely ... it's a brilliant complement to this fun, comical adventure. Original, fun, challenging, take my money!!!!! Great mobile title! Easy to learn, hard to master and with lots of replayability Fantastic game. One very minor suggestion - Allow full rotation on devices. No annoying events that make you feel like you have to play, no waiting on energy or anything, no other people raiding you. The game is great to pick up any day you need a break and play for as long or as short as you want to. The dialogue is witty, and they actually sing short songs to you. Very nice app for not much money at all. A fun game that has you playing the role of both DM and player. The cards add a good dose of strategy into the mix. It needs a scroll in and out feature for mobile phones. Even on my note 3 the game looks to small. But still a fun game. Great idea, poorly executed Superb little game that has a surprising amount of depth. Probably 14+ hours of game play on first run through. Lots more if you want to get all the achievements. Glitches (card hands often become partially hidden requiring an app restart) and limited game play tactics. Well thought out and very fun mechanics Have on pc too. So fun The concept of this game alone is worth giving it a shot. Fresh gameplay and well balanced It's enjoyable Don't get too attached. But heavy on battery use Amazing game!! Really well done! Great game, fun mechanics with a lot of personality Great concept,  but tends to get repetitive very quickly especially as the game expects you to die repeatedly and replay the same level over and over. Excellent game, shame about it being relatively short but all in all I highly recommend it. Seriously awesome game Different from other's,Took a bit to get used to. having a good time ! Haven't been able to put this down for almost two days since purchasing it. Areas of improvement: shorter loading time or make the tips dismissable. Need to fix code on when gaining or losing equipment. Amazing value Love this game, the bard is awesome Imaginative and super fun Great game! Very suitable for people looking to play casually. Looking forward to seeing more content! As a mobile game this was one of the first I've actually finished. And it has a finish, no new game+ that I could see.  My biggest problem with the game was that by the second area I had pretty much figure out everything and the game had shown me all of it's tricks. There was dungeon objectives are very limited. Example:  Go here, or kill this. I was really hoping that there would be at least an enemy commander that would lay down dungeon cards and fight back. Still the game was addictive, just shallow. Sometimes it slow till get good luck but what keeps playing. Love it no bugs for now on lg g4 Loved this game on Steam and it's just as good on mobile. Awesome!!! The game mixes quite a few elements very well. It works fantastically on mobile. Building each dungeon(pathway,) adds strategy before each fight, and playing your cards at the right time can be an intense experience. You pick up loot when you win each fight, which unlocks more cards to use throughout the dungeon. Building home base allows access to more characters and skills. Complex, yet easy to pick up and play. You can play for 5 minutes or for hours. One of my favorite games on mobile so far. This is an excellent game, im thinking a whole lot can be done with this I've been playing this non stop for a few days now. I'm enjoying it,  and it's got a good challenge to it. I see a few scripting bugs here and there and sometimes the Dungeoneer I choose isn't the one that enters the dungeon,  but other than those things,  it's great! Build a guild, explore dungeons. What's not to love? Well the fact you have no control over most of the game and will end up frustrated by the randomness that leaves you dead and not a thing you can but watch... Another game where balance is achieved by randomizing everything. Some strategy involved, but card draws can break that quickly. Plus one star for humour. No option to build barracks when the game is first started. I'm on version 0.5.9 and it still has the shrinking card problem.  Version 0.6.6 has not fixed it. Reviews for this game don't do it justice AT ALL. Take the dive, trust me you won't regret it! Oh and the devs are from Maryland...that's bonus points right there haha. Nice quick episodes, and if your character dies.... Oh well, you'll just recruit another. NEVER play this game without the music/narrator :) I'm sick of games releasing way ahead of completion. This has the potential to be a top class title but asking us to pay for a beta test is lazy, greedy and opportunistic. The UI is incredibly buggy and as others have noted this renders it unplayable. There could be a good game here if it was completed. But save your money and wait for it to be finished instead of spoiling your play through on an unfinished title. Good music and narration This is a great game.  Great use of strategy and the randomness of usimg cards keeps it exciting. I love playing this game. The difficulty curve is a little steep depending on your progression path but never so tough that I wanted to quit. Nice variety in the dungeoneers. Cannot build barracks A great mix of a roguelike, card game, and dungeon crawler. I hope there's a second one in the works! Loved this game since it's demo and highly recommend it to everyone I know! A well done grinding game is still grinding. Thought the payout would be better good idea This is the greatest rpg app available right now. This game is literally exactly what i've wanted on the app store. when I start a new game it will not let me place the barracks, it plays music, but nothing happens. A bit too much RNG in the beginning but you can get over that by spending gold wisely. Once you get the 2nd tier characters you pretty much control how battles go. Reminds me of a turn based version of hand of fate  which I enjoyed as well. Haven't had this much fun since devils attorney. Worth every penny, highly recommended. I absolutely love this game! Definitely worth the investment! I really hope there will be future updates. Best idea fun to play Started a new game. It told me to build a barracks but there was no option to do so. Tried again, same problem. Got a refund. Can't get past build a barracks. Samsung Galaxy s7 edge Suggested I should build a barracks, but there was no way to do so. No button, no card, the banner would not dismiss. Galaxy Note 5. Samsung Galaxy Note 5   No option to build barracks Having lots of fun. I do wish that when I enable 3x speed for combat that I would still be able to read the texts that pop up instead of them disappearing within a second. Had the barracks bug and had to restart/delete the saved game. Also been getting bugs with enemy picture not showing up in battle. Also getting a bug where loot isn't showing what toy will loose by switching the piece out. This game is super addicting. The music is amazing! Galaxy S6 Edge, everything game related is off the edges of the screen. Game desperately needs a way for the player to resize to fit their screen. I have bought a few games in the past for android, and one thing I can't stand is iaps in a paid app. This has none, great job. I always felt if you pay for a game, you shouldn't have to pay even more. A bug at "lets build some barrack" there's no barrack card in my deck. Pls fix this i give u 5 stars Like a dice rpg lot of randomness Completing some 1st level Quests close out the 2nd and/or 3rd level quests which leaves you without the gold then you will die. Another gripe, starting a level 2 quest without an experienced dungeoneer will get you killed unless you are lucky. Rebuilding the deck every quest can lead to losing an experienced dungeoneer. Frustrating. Still fun but very unbalanced. Loved it in a matter of minutes, great theme, great soundtrack, deep enough customization in deck building, free dlc's coming, what's not to like? The game mostly runs smooth with two notable exceptions - rewards UI and damage over time text. The DoT text is noticeably choppier then the rest of the game. The rewards UI really doesn't like swiping cards, causing flickering on the "get gold" button. Tapping adjacent cards doesn't present the same problem. To add to the rewards UI issue is the display of the actual effects, almost lacking in animation, both the text on the cards or the actual playable cards up top (you gain/you lose). Once I figured out I had to restart my phone to get it to work, it's awesome This is not a skill game. It's a dice game. It doesn't matter how hard you try, in the end it's all based in a random number generator. It also crashes constantly, errors messages and freeze. They should fix. Perfect for breaks/lunch at work! RNG based game obviously, but most card games are. I can't tell if I'm completing dungeons as I get an error after the second quests Seemed cool. Bought. Started. Couldn't figure out what to do. 10 minutes of tapping and googling later I watched a let's play. The initial barracks card never appeared. Started 2 more new games, same problem. Using an s5. Refunding. I love the game. Great music, awesome art style and a lot of fun to play. Can't wait to see what else they add to the game. Worth buying and would recommend. i love this game It seems like a fun game, only had a chance to play for a short time. One thing I notice which saddens me: it does not have the ability to save mid game. Sometimes life doesn't allow us to play through, having to toss half of a game because of the lack of a save function is sad and frustrating. Will update my review as I play more.  EDIT: Nope. It will save your place if you force close the app. But exiting clearly reads Abandon dungeon AND warns you it'll sacrifice my hero. Unplayable for me, force closes every screen. Uninstalled & Refunded. Will try again maybe in future if the price hasn't risen too much. Second time purchase is not refunded. Amazing game loving it. One problem. I am currently playing it on the Galaxy Note edge, due to my screen being slightly smaller then other models you game is cut off slightly. Some buttons at the bottom of the screen are only half visible. Fix this minor problem and game is 5 stars for sure. Fixed install bug. But map cards are just grey little bricks on the dungeons after rat king (all of them). No detail so hard to place cards. Heroes don't keep items, can't buy items so what is point of leather worker etc. It is just luck of drawer and stacked against you. Awesome so far, simple, creative, different. I like that it's actually really challenging (or maybe I'm just bad at it), but it could've had a bit more of a ramp-up on the difficulty, but other than that, I'm happy to find a game I find compelled to play since I rarely play games on my mobile devices. Cards not showing up. Refunding. Well this is a complete stinker. It works well enough on a technical level, but the actual gameplay is frustrating for all the wrong reasons. It all comes down to luck, and there is nothing you can do to offset that luck factor. If you like rolling dice over and over and guessing what the pips will show, then I suppose you're autistic enough that you might enjoy Guild of Randomneering. Otherwise, stay away. Never pay real money to get it. This game was meant for mobile, been have to watch this game for youtube because I dont have a pc. Love it, would recommend to anyone Bye bye... Refund, uninstalled Lovely and addictive.  A nice spin on genre. I always suspected this game will be great for the tablet and it is! Almost Looking forward to my next flight :) Great I would give 5 stars but it crashes every ten minutes. Would be nice if we could rearrange the guild headquarters tho, it's triggering my ocd. Absolutely fantastic game otherwise. Cant stop playing, love the game mechanic and art style. My only beef with this game is the fact that if you are both (you and the monster) low on health and you play a card with haste you beat the monster but the monster gets to play a turn and also kills you. Over all, an epic adventure which all should take part in. Well done on the game mechanics. Dropped a star because of an annoying bug where the attack/defense tokens slowly grow between battles until they eventually obscure the opponents cards completely. Fix it and I'll reinstall and rerate I'm using an Android galaxy note edge and the game is too big for my screen for some strange reason by like a few Millimeters at the bottom. Like the buttons hang off the edge and it makes them hard to click. Any idea what the issue is? There is no resize button in options and I tried it with regular and large screen UI check box on . Will update rating if fixed This game deserves 5 stars just for not being another pay to win scam. That it's fun to play makes it even better! Good job devs. I am enjoying the game alot. The only downside is that I have to force the game to reboot even 2 or 3 battles because I am unable to see the cards. Once that's fixed I will not have any issues with the game. They had me at "all future updates FREE". This game is fun so far. Music is so good that it has to be heard to be appreciated. This has been a great purchase! Played it on steam too, but it feels like it has even more potential on mobile - just perfect for 10 min dungeon runs, looks great on the smaller screen and great fun. Very fun game. Well made and addictive. Loving this game. The sound track and voice overs are awesome. reminds me of when I used to draw up dungeons on graph paper for old pen and paper dnd! Great game so far. Will put more time into it when glitches like the battle cards being too low on the screen to choose are resolved Played for 10 minutes, the game force closed on me 3 times. Uninstalled and got my refund. Do glad this gen is finally out on Android. Gonna have to finish it again :) If you like turn based games or board games give this beaut a spin. There is one crippling bug...notably one that places your combat cards further and further towards the bottom of the screen in successive dungeons.  In short order, you cannot select them and must restart the app. I bought this game release day on pc.  I loved the concept and the look and feel of the game.  I never truly did it justice on pc.  When I found it it released on mobile I had to buy it.  It turns out it's an even better mobile game!  The mechanics are just perfect for a small touch screen device. Can't wait for more!! I had the bug with it not letting me build the barracks, but force-stopping the app fixed it.  My only real critical note is that the text is veeeeeeery small for those of us who don't have the eyes of a teenager anymore.  Aside from that, +50 points for the excellent bard voiceover work. This game is alot of fun, has no ads and no IAP!  This is a shining example of what all games should be.  It's long past time for the freemium greed to die.  Thank you Gambrinous & Versus Evil. How do you build a barracks? Thought I had an issue, but was only part of the game. Everything makes sense now and I'm fully enjoying this game. The look, the adventuring, the dialogue and music. All of it. Lots of fun The game has a simple mechanic that just fits my taste, and gets more complex as the dungeon go.  There were some bugs here and there but the devs seem kinda responsive, so I'm hopeful the bugs will get fixed in time. Finally a game of substance on the mobile platform, easy to understand rules, but tough challenges ahead of you. Such a pleasure not to have to deal with adds or offers to purchase anything, premium gaming at it's best! A unique concept that is flawlessly executed. Each character and each encounter presents their own unique opportunities and challenges. I love this game and look forward to more content. Having a lot of fun playing it. Only complaint is that, there should be an animated loading bar for the initial setup so we know if it's working or crashed. Loved it on steam and will love it even more on the go. Awesome game Game takes awhile to load on the very first bootup after initial install. I was worried it wasn't working. But, I waited and the main screen eventually appeared. The game is cute and fun. I am enjoying it very much 😀. Thanks for the thrill! fun, thinking game I have experienced a glitch where the cards shrink after each battle. If this could be fixed I would rate 5 stars When the game asks you to place the barracks the barracks doesn't show up. I'm giving it 5 stars because I have this game on PC and it's my favorite game of last year! This game has a nice mix of strategy and random elements, like all good "rogue-lites", that keeps you coming back for more. Highly recommended! So many bugs, crashes etc. Also, npcs dont save their level and items. What's the point then? Devs just fixed the unpacking glitch, but before that all anyone had to do was move it to the SD card lol.   In a nutshell this game is extremely polished, fun graphics, awesome soundtrack, they must have put some capital out for the amazing voice acting, it's movie quality, wonderful music and atmosphere.  Game mechanics are tight once you figure out what your doing.  Keep your dungeoneer alive long enough, exploring and fighting to earn money to upgrade.  More often than not they will die.  But if you luck out they live and level up, becoming more powerful, which means more money on the next run.   By no means is it easy, but it sure is fun to gamble and maneuver farther around risking it all before fighting the boss.  Endless replayability, I have played a whole day and haven't scratched the surface.  So give this one a chance, and devs, keep adding content!  The secret to all the successful games on the store is always "content"  driven, people hate getting bored.  They like feeling there is always something new and fun buried in a game somewhere, keeps people hooked.  Wonderful game!!! and deep gameplay.  Well worth the price, and bugs seem to be getting fixed. I am also having trouble with the cards getting smaller each time I enter a dungeon. I just downloaded it so the fix you mentioned in other reviews should have been put in, but maybe I'm doing something wrong? Otherwise, I really like it so far. Keeps crashing when entering or while in a dungeon on LG G Pad. Good fun A unique and fun game. I love this game. It's fun, strategic, and has a fantastic soundtrack Cannot Open HTC One M8, Update thanks for the information i have now been able to load the App will boost to 3 stars for now and will update review when i get a chance. I'm so glad this is finally out on Android. I've been interested ever since Total Biscuit and Jesse Cox did videos on it. Such a fun and charming rpg!  We need more real games on mobile, so please support the good ones like this! This game is charming and hilarious. The gameplay is great as well. Card deck style battles with dungeon building. I just keep on coming back to it Awesome game - easy to get into and lots of depth. Runs buttery smooth too. Love it! Really love graphics, quirky story and its story teller voiceover Tons of fun to play and easy to pick up. Fun art style and dungeon assembling aspect. As others have said, manually grant it permissions. Very fun game! I was always planning to get this for my PC after watching TotalBiscuit and Jesse Cox play it. So glad when I seen it come to mobile the game plays excellent on mobile. Beautiful art Starts out just like pc version, just more fun on tablet. This game is amazing! I've always enjoyed all the Slaughter Me Street games and I feel like they all deserve more credit and recognition than they have Good game however it says it's for older versions, may need updated Lit gameplay good good is there going to de a SMS 7 ok this game keeps crashing but i still have hope for this so when it is patched i can play it I like it but plz help it keeps saying it stopped after 1 second I opened it Plz help Alright so im making this review as an explanation, the dev is currently working on something that allows the game to be played, be patient, this game has been off the store for over 4 or 5 years, newer phones can't run old things sometimes. Don't buy it, I can NOT even open the game to the title screen before it kicks me out. when I tried to play it it just stopped on and on ecxsetra I played this game cause I couldn't play the original.This is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! 5 🌟 I loved it! at least I have a game in here its great! For the very first time i saw william alexander ryan :D (will ryan) r DAGames playing this but not the retro i started liking both retro and not. this game is just super fun to play. definitely worth the two bucks. I love slaughter me street 👍 sooooooogggggggggggooooooodddddd this game is great can you add 123 slaughter me Street @ 123 slaughter me Street 2 to mobile 👌 I saw Will Ryan (DAGames) play this, and thought this should be a good game, and I was right. Great work! REALLY FUN I like that there's no ads it was a AWESOME game! Very fun, difficult, and a bit scary! 123 slaughter me street is sssssssssoooooooooooooooo ccccccccooooooooolllllll! I love it! This game has to be 1 of the best games on phones ever! So many AMAZING things about this game for only 1 or 2 dollars! 👍 Fun gameplay, simple and sweet. It's fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I think that this is a good remake of a game! Noice AMAZING YOU WORKED SO GOOD FOR THIS TO HAPPEN BEACAUSE IT'S BASSICLAY  123SMS BUT 2D AMAZING but can you remove the boss battle ends because it  creeps me out but expert for that PLEASE CAN YOU MAKE A 123 SMS2? RETRO I love the game but it keeps crashing It hard because the flashlights is is on the left but that's just me. I  loved it It's pretty great, I've been interested in the series for a while so I'm  happy I got to play this and it's not bad for $2 I honestly think 123  Slaughter Me Street is underrated, it deserves more love 10/10 would play again AMAZING! 10/10 puppets would puppet again. Its a little harder but fun It is so good Cool This game is super tense a spoopy Nice, small, little game. this is awesome Nate Sanders! Its so good 😁😁 I love this game so much! It is very challenging and addictive for millions of reasons! I just got this today and I'm almost finished with it!  You did such an amazing job on creating this! This is one of the only games I've rated 5 stars and I mean it! So that weird thing at the end of 123 SMS was a bat thing that could fly?! AWESOME!! is good IT'S AMAZING!!! It's. Awesome.   I.  Like. How. The. Guy is The.  Place.  Can.   Check. Doors.  I.  Want.  Doors Another great game I've ever played Awsome Cool is so fun but wean you go to the nightmear you get one thing make to I love it!! *dies* Best game challenging but fun the game is great..but i have afew suggestions for what you should add a pause button, more unlockables, and thats about it. also graphics are great. The game was pretty good. This deserves a lot more downloads. Great retro port to the first 123 Slaughter Me Street on PC! Too bad that the 123 Slaughter Me Street retro 2 was cancelled. the game loved it This is awesome A great game It's really fun and challenging, also the music is great I love it A creepy thing to imagine It's hard as it is challenging! I love the fun detail of the game and hope that other people will get into it to! Thanks to ImpulseGameStudios! Love it, but there is no replayability after you unlock the last costume. But overall it was a great game. Great I like this take on 123 slaughter me street Its a great game this is thesis best game I ever played in my life it's had a stagery type base. Spook    ;] The best game remake ever Very fun! Just as good as the original game! Maybe even better than FNAF!!! Less scary than the original. Best retro game ever dude make a sequel I love this game so much! this could be the very first 123 slaughter me street to have a story  and boss I think that this is a great game and it is also very challenging but once you finish the game ot is still great to play and you can do a lot of stuff with this app and it's a great time killer This Is Really Great For The People Can't Play The Original Game But This Is AWSOME!!!! This game is so addictive and fun it has so much replay value its ridiculous and baby and giant flying elmos even if it is short it is so fun plz make a sequel with the new characters in 123SMS2 This was a great game with lots of replay ability. Just when I got to floor 1, I had to restart, but beat it still. 10\10 9/10 flashlight problems Awesome I love it. Its a good time waster Recommended  it is really  fun Instance game it's almost like FNAF but expect they re puppets☆ Love it It's a great retro game nice classic stuff, same as the old days. Good job my friend! The best game I have in my phone This game is so fun and challenging. It's great! Had no problems except the rate us popup...nothing needed to be fixed there. I love it alot it is scary 👍 This is the horror game I've been looking for evey where!!! This is what horror is supposed to be! I would give u guys 100 stars but I can't physically. Great and good practice  for the original I like how it is simple yet fun. Can't wait until 123 SMS 2 comes  out. (The only bad thing is there I'd no pause button.) its more unlockubles I can't believe that this game is one of the games. Good job John and Nate. 123 slaughter me Street Good job ipgs it is really good just got it today The game is great but the 3 deaths then start over is not bad but interesting I gave it a 5 cause its one of the best pixel games I seen LOVE THIS GAME WOULD HOPE FOR 2ND GAME !!! This game never gets old and has exactly the right amount of difficulty where all deaths are on player error and it never feels too easy Even though it isn't as scary as the original, this game is great for the asking price. Not too long or too short, at least for the first few floors, although I will say it's a little too easy. This game is excellent!... Well worth the $2.00 keep up the great work! Could you fix a problem basically my on screen buttions are blocking the game at points could you fix this please I love it! The game and gameplay is fast paced and original just like the regular game! Hyped for sms 2! Keep this good work up! Clap clap clap great game Stays true to the original game I just recently purchased this game, and it is really good. There was a major difficulty spike on some of the floors, and eventually it can be pretty frustrating. I had to reset the first time when I played up to Floor 1 (Floor 2 was practically hell enough, and Floor 1 was a bit unfair concerning the big difficulty jump.) Overall, though, it's a game I would highly recommend for people who like side-scrollers and the occasional challenge. =) I love the music in this game Is it me or is the three night's easy You did amazing job five stars man love it!! Try to put a jumpscare when u die to scare the player It's a pretty good game and very fun but floor 1 is HARD Amazing!!!!! Recommended if you like a good challenge! Awesome game! AWESOME! It's amazing So cool Ahhhhh The waiter its buitiful its its Cute I only died twice and however I thought that orange guy was just a enemy and it's supposed to not shine when you run out of power and battery's... Just got the game and it's awesome! One of the best games I have played Better than I expected, its really fun but also heart racing , really recommend it . God I love sms. This game is great. Can't wait for SMS2. Also the menu music is a 8bit remix of Dagames some wich is AWESOME Nope. Don't recommend. Its a boring simple game. Not worth the money. This game in my opinion was probably one of the few times I'd ever actually pay for a game for my phone, nice game to pass time by with some fun fast paced gameplay and replay ability due to the unlocks. If you're looking for a game that won't break the buck for mobile I'd check this out. 123 salghther me street flash Exited for 123slaughtermestreet 2 wooo I r8 8/8 it gr8 m8 Its just like on PC but app store In my opinion this is the best game Great game i love it This game is soo much fun! Really good 4 punchin out time! =) Can you put it on gamejolt? This is my new favorite, loved the details, puppets (Follower, Greater, Waiter and the new one;)) and everything.Another question: are going to make one for the sequel too? I love the game this one and the original. But in this one I don't understand the ending...                   SPOILER IF YOU HAVENT PLAYED THE ORIGINAL.                  So I see the huge demon thing.. but how do I fight it I died 3 times then it ended..? Plz clarify! I heard about this game on DAGames.  I decided to play it, and I loved it! Some more costumes and levels would be nice though. Excited for the updates, as well as 123 SMS 2! This game is so fun!!! I'm so happy you made this. I love it Very addictive and fun highly recommended. Just bought it and I LOVE it! Cant wait for SMS2,And many more games to come! :D Are you guys gonna add more updates to the game or is it finished Really good I dont have words to discribe how awesome this game is When will ryan played it I had to see it luckily I still had some money on my Google play balance so I was able to buy this great challenging game Wow this is my first time playing and I already like it I really like this game it is so cool and I like the music and I know it is from dagames but I like it because it is 8 bit the music and graphics and 8 bit too thank you so much for putting this game of phone :-) I saw Will Ryan playing this game and I thought that I should try it out. I did not regret buying this. It's really fun and as I keep playing the game, the difficulty increases. The music, sound effects and the looks of it really looks retro. I would highly recommend anyone who has some money to buy this app. I like the looks of a game, especially the pixel design. I love the original SMS but this gives the game a whole new meaning😊 Not as scary as the pc version, maybe remove the Waiters glowing eyes? Anyway this version is still really good! It's challenging and gets my heart racing from how close the puppets get before I light 'em up. Love it Great all i can say is buying this it totally worth it. Its not too hard maybe too easy but great game. Awesome mobile game. Reasonable diffaculty. There is nothing bad about this mobile game. 🐴🐴🐴🐴🐴🐴🐴 A must play Unfortuneatly with this game you get what you get. After completing all of the floors you don't get any substantial rewards, no hard mode, no  bonus mode of any kind, only getting costumes that have no value besides cosmetics. I expected to get some sort of bonus for beating the game without dying once but unfortuneatly recived nothing but another costume. Thats you only reward for beating the game more than once, just more costumes. Some actual cutscenes rather than static with garbled voices would be grea super great game! Cant wait till SMS2 Best game I've played in months I loved the frist one and this one cait wait for 123sms 2 Hey this is a little too hard could u add save slots and checkpoints? Do this and i will be very happy. Everything about this game is epic: the audio, retro graphics, gameplay, and easy to use controls. It's a true masterpiece. Buy it! One of the best side-scrollers ever made! It's really fun, and very challenging, five stars ;) Really well  done!!! Its way funner than i expected! This I more fun than fnaf ( don't be mad) A must have for old school video game lovers as well as fans of the SMS series Doesn't adjust screen size to fit phone. Stupid 👼 One of the better adult apps I have seen and used. They should update and add more stuff for the paid version which I have, maybe like more players. But still pretty good app. Good timed Need better options Can't play with other Could you please inform how I could retrieve forgotten password It's a, great game and good Well.. no meaning Best sex app for adults I've found yet! amateur on hardcore. 👎🏻 very good now. just wish there was a really really kinky freaky category. wont even open, had to get a refund, so basically zero stars if I could Was looking forward to trying this out but the App fails to launch. Uninstalled, restarted phone, downloaded again, still the same. The app will not start🤨. Uninstalled and got a refund. Moved to new phone and it no longer starts. Would give 4 stars if I could make it work allright I purchased this last summer and now it won't seem to open. total buzz kill to our date night very nice very fun very exciting highly recommend Hott This is a great game, if you aren't afraid!! Lol have rags and a shower close by 😂😂😂😂😂 Broken Love it You charged my credit card twice... Please fix this. Reasonably spicy For Google play store sex game's for couple's it's pretty good in  comparison to all of the other ones every one is so vanilla Game is good. Would be great if more than one custom challenges could be  made. Also needs an option to remove challenges that 100% don't want to do.  Also no updates available. Not enough suggestions..the same suggestions just keep repeating..this is  supposed to spice up the bedroom and keep things new but it just repeats  the same thing over and over. Very good tasks I'm impressed as well as undressed! Worth the purchase! Nice love it to bits Good game played it several times and it's fun and different every time Cool game fun for sex I really think the erotic and freaky section needs some more intense stuff the game isn't really that hard to win Fun and gres6 to get close with partner Great game for two wish it had a timer on each challenge Bad graphics, error on updates , the customization button to add your own phrases just disappeared and the app stopped working Great Amazingly kinky Can't get past the start button. It does nothing. I guess enjoy my money, I sure didn't. You can't edit any existing challenges​ and you can only make one custom challenge. It would be great if you could have more than two players. Great game for pairs Not to naughty just right Fun Would only change being able to remove one or two options. Ever gonna see another update? Great I can only create one custom challenge? Am I overlooking something? I would rate this game a lot higher if I can create more challenges. Edit: My fault. Custom challenges work as expected. My rating's going up to 5 Greatest It won't update and their doesn't seem to many challenges and your only able to add 1 custom challenge before deleting it to add a new one ye it's good Good Needs more challenges. Getting the message "error on upgrade" every time I try to upgrade. Otherwise great game.  Would be fun if we could access other users created challenges. I bought the app a while ago and now I can't install it any more. Error 505... Any plans on getting that fixed? Will only let you create one custom challenge needs a timer and updates still not working Not a fan. 3 stars for  good consept tho I would like a refund I like this game . Very fun to play with your partner . Awsome Game Spice it up Keep getting an error when I try to update Great but needs a timer with an alarm Deff 2 thumbs up Good ice breaker Not what you think. Only for M4F I would give five stars if it would update This game is amazing, my husband and I played it last night and ended up playing it 3 times with the score set to 50, lol. Definitely worth the money. I was wondering though if maybe you could put a timer on the game? We realized giving each other 1 to 2 minutes on each "task" made things even better and heightened everything... just a suggestion :) Best of the adult games out there At first testing, it does what it says, is very smooth and should be great fun. Awsome Constantly getting this error when trying to update. Fix this and its five stars. Would be fun to communicate with other couples who are playing.Also it would be nice to let the community added challenges become part of the game Please tell me how to play this? Why its just about accpet and chicken the question? Please tell me Straight and to the point. Not for the chicken hearted Can't wait to play I just have to find someone to play this game with and it will be ON!!!!! Love this app. The first release was already a groundbreaking game in googleplay and each release gets better. Got the perfect amount. Not too raunchy but enough to make the windows steamy Very fun Just dirty enough! Only problem is I can only seem to add 1 of my own. I must be doing it wrong? But the add button only works once...would be a 5* Best game Oh the stories that can be told from playing this game. Dear Penthouse.....  Good so far. Was a great game. Then went to use it ...and it keeps asking for a password!! I never made a password! Then it wont let me uninstall and reinstall it does the same thing! Wht are   You talking about???  Thanks though....you are the first person out of all the apps ive ever had probs with to ever respond. Honestly. And yes i will call support. As far as developer.....i couldnt develop my way out of a wet paper bag. I know zero bout that stuff...but again ...thx. for the call support idea.....i didnt think to Easy to play, ready to go, easy to customize. No bs. Lots of fun! By far the best sex game in GooglePlay. Others are all copycats or porn. This is an actual game that is loads of fun to play. Also this is a lot dirtier than the chicken game I used to play in highschool. Fun game with lots of good bedroom ideas. There is a little bit of vulgarity but its hilarious to read. Have a lot of fun playing this game. I like winning, I like losing. It all feels so good Chicken = Amazing Sex Fun stuff Definitely a fun game and everybody wins every time Super hot Keep improving it will be even better Good Adult Fun I do however have some suggestions for next update. Ill email your support about it. Nice game. Now I just need to find someone to play with me. Going to play with my partner tonight. Just reading through the game is hot. Lots of good ideas. Fancy. REALLY FUN. Only complaint is that when your gliding on paper is isn't easier to control yourself, it'd be nice if when gliding on paper your left and right buttons were replaced by a joystick so you don't have to tap on your character Great game. i love this game, as a guy who loves running around and jumping i never played a game where i could bounce around this much This game is so fun for 6 years olds kids because this one is good the ending is really good because basement Spire challenge one is my favor this game is so much fun 😃 I cant even leave my bedroom at the start of the game and it crashes for no reason at all. Controls, I give em a 3/5 but this'll Be great for a video of mine [ChaseNado on YT] Lovely game and completed it on my pc and iPad Pro Well i tried it but still a error in the bedroom and I'm have my Samsung galaxy tablet s4 I love it!!! Wow that was absolutely HORRIBLE. The ending is GARBAGE and there isn't even a CONTINUATION. Don't waste your money, they just care about the money not the fans. They were so dull they couldn't even do a proper ending. The free game is better This Game, is SO much FUN!! the Controls are SO easy to Use, any 8 Year Old Child could Play with Ease, the Graphics & Sound are well Done. To Everyone who Seems to Think that the Controls are BAD and/or not Good on a Mobile Phone, I'd say, STOP! Whining, I have this Game on my 8' Tablet, as well as on my Samsung Galaxy s10e & there is NO Problem with the Controls. for Everyone else, Decide for Yourself, & Developers .. DO NOT Listen to these Negative Comments, not all of US, are Capable or Willing to Play, a FUN & Challenging Platform Game, like "Super Fancy Pants Adventure" GOOD WORK Overall! :) Dis is so cool because I love it!! Fun The first fancy pants adventure had good sword fighting style Soo I don't recommend to buy this game buy the first one This game is sooooo cool! Amazing game! Jumping after ink dashing doesn't work despite it being required to complete one of the challenges. Would be 5 stars if not for this issue. Good job It has an awesome storyline and great fighting mechanics crashes during the load after opening the 1st door The bedroom still crashes. I'm refunding the game. Controls are very difficult on a phone, really makes the gameplay hard to enjoy, which is sad because I've played every other Fancy Pants game before this. It is also not as intuitive as the previous games have been. I'm kinda bummed I spent $5 on this. For me it still crashes when leaving the bedroom plz fix I am on will phone I know you are ignoring me you have to fix it it's not responding I'm trying to play it on my phone and I have enough of it not responding The game is soo smooth! The new animations are so much better and i like how it follows the story of Fancy pants getting the Pencil,therefore don't need to find it again (which is kinda sad) but.. This time you need the pen! Which has 3 abilities which is.. Ink dash,inkboard,and Ink shooter! I love the game its one of the best stickman games i have ever played!! 😄😄😄😄 Классно very immersive experience, headphones recommended There is a bug where the screen is split and it is disappearing the character and items. Not happy. Can't play the game properly This so well done. The controls are tight and fluid and the animations are very smooth. There's a lot of content in this version and it's got some very challenging parts but the controls make the challenging parts not frustrating. Now my Fancy Pants collection is complete. It dont let me play Dont buy it right now its bugged and you cant even start I had to buy this game twice bc it wouldn't play I love the game but it's not worth the money if it don't play I hope y'all really fix this bc your ripping people off Game is great, but so called "controller support" is broken. Fancy Pants Man only runs to the left no matter what and jump is mapped to RT and attack mapped to LT. Cannot run any other direction than left :/ The right stick only crouches. It's a good game This game is AMAZING I love it so much🤩👌👍 and I like it👍👍👍👍👍👌👌👌👌👌🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩 Fire I loved playing this Cool game Great game and it's even better than Fancy Pants Adventure I am a long time fan of the fancy pants adventures. This game was basically my childhood. Super Fancy Pants Adventure lives up to its name and is a great platformer, but currently it has many bugs and glitches such as invisible eniemes or like getting abilities before beating the boss. Overall it is a great game but if the bugs got patched it would be even greater ляьчдідцдфжзілішоооооооо ддчвгінурріті SFPA is perfect but when will the next game come out? I am excited about the cliffhanger. cool Great. there is a bug that does not let me play and I was looking for ward to play I would have give It a 5 star. However, the control in my opinion is not suitable for mobile players since its occasionally cause players tap the buttons they weren't suppose to tap. As example,in the volcano level where you need to jump from walls to walls to avoid the lava pits the player want to press up but instead, they accidentally tap the down button and ultimately leads them to fall into the lava pits This is a good game, but the gamepad controls are not good in the slightest. The character will automatically run to the right and the buttons are not properly mapped. I tried my controller with the original FPA mobile game and they worked fine. cool I really l love fancy pants and am a lng fan but I cant even play because I cant even get throught the bedroom door. I spent all that m money. great Fancy pants will always be fun to play, but i have an issue. If i try to ink dash and jump through an enemy, it never works! please fix this because I love playing this on my phone, and the only problem i have from time to time are the controls, otherwise its one of the best mobile games on the play store! It don't work Sper gane Downloaded the update yet it still crashes when I go through the door. Omg fps drops so much and lagger when combat please optimize for smooth.  Add customize resolution graphics and make sure 60fps anytime please It keeps crashing on my Android but the game itself is good. This game is fun but plz fix all bugs plzzzz This is a fun hard game it's so much fun it's my best game ever Controller support please. It has alot of bugs that need to be fixed, other that it's a great game. Beast AF Very fun. However, there are bugs that need to be fixed within the game.  The game, when first downloaded, has crashed on me more than once. Besides  the glitches, this is a really fun game. A lot of bugs to be fixed after the first time I downloaded it I can't get  to the main menu without the loading screened to freeze so I have to say  this is a waste of my time and a waste of my money Game is fast, fun, and creative. My only gripe is some glitches that  occurred during gameplay, specifically around the end of level 2. I would  turn invisible while doing certain actions! I also don't like the screen  ratio, I understand you need space for the buttons at the bottom, but I  think it would be better if the game was full screen (18:9 in my case) and  when I need to go home, be able to swipe up into the screen that it  currently is. Fix these issues as well as add more content and you've got  yourself a super fancy game to play! This is the best game ever! Have reopen at app site if my phone gose in to energy saveing mode. Fantastic app. Clean bright colors all my kids enjoy playing it. great app...well worth the money...my son loves it.. Awesome I Like word search games Retro classic. Just what is needed, no extra pay wall BS, just straight word searches in all of their glory Good game for wen your borde. so far so good good game I enjoy relaxing and finding the words working to be faster you cant see the background becouse the game covers it and when you finish a puzzel it wont let me start the next one it starts the same one over again Love the game! I was looking for a simple word find game, and this fit the bill. I'd love to see if there was a way to check my game statistics. I went from installing the regular version to the pro version. I love the grid style puzzle. The puzzle size is just right. You can create your own puzzle if you want to!!!!!! The best part is, if you have a question and you email them, they actually respond back to you. Need I say more??? Good value. Easy to play. Lots of games. Regular updates. Thank you. ❤️Best game app 5⭐played "free trial" got hooked, many game styles w\play instruction, fun & educational..Try it❗👍 I like the games. Alot of the games are the same but in different format. I wanted a word search game without the ads. At $3 this game works. You can also see other peoples scores on the games. Has a ballon popping game, crossword, math, word spelling games, christmas-halloween & thanksgiving game. Alot of variety gor your money. Phone hasnt slowed down and no pop up commercials while playing. Over all I recommend it. Many games more fun than other apps really keeps my brain healthy. Fun and plenty of variety Don't understand most games I love this app so many games Great way to exercise your brain while having fun. Tons of games, there's something for everyone. Word search, wheel of fortune to solve the joke, memory games, bejeweled match 3 or more to reveal letters behind the symbol then create words, grammer test, guess the animal, antonyms, and much more. I spend way too much time on it and I haven't played all of them yet. There's so many games. It's a bit addictive, I keep playing to beat my previous score. Easy to see and read. Many fun game options, not a drain on my battery! Well worth the cost! Best word games on the Play Store. Keep up the great work. I find it to be fun and like the variety Challenging enough. Playing under 🇬🇧 as don't see USA flag for English. Not an issue so far Good range of games, but unfortunately like most word games, it only has a US English dictionary and not British. So it has US spellings in it like "nite" and "thru". Even though the language selection icon is a UK Union Flag! US and UK spellings are very different. Though there are some games that you can do in casual mode, there aren't enough of them. Too many timed games makes it extremely frustrating for those who like to take their time. Many game theme repeats. Since when has this game become a Harman by Samsung game? Has it always been? Lots of fun games. No IAP. You don't get much better than that. Especially if you like words and stuff. Lots of useful educational games. Well worth buying. Simple to use but great for whittling away the time. The variety means it doesn't get boring as quickly as other games. Good lol time waster Awesome amount of puzzles for a small price App crashes often Plenty to do. Great time filler. Great fun and also skill Very Neat Collection! I love these games. From anagrams to the memory game...this can work out your brain in a way comparable to playing sudoku. Different Great time filler lots of different games. Never get bored 😂 would recommend this game to everyone. Great games! Hi again can you please put back relax mode for word crush, master and mania these are my favorite games when there is no timer. Please and thank you in advance. Stay healthy, stay safe Linda ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ This is a great collection of wonderful games. Thank you so much! Really enjoying this game, great job 👍 So far so good Very good fun. Some strange games but most a real challenge Makes my brain work hard good exercise Keeps me entertained Excellent time killer Challenging and fun. Lots of games to play. I love the number of games that come with this app! I use this app daily. The only thing I would like added is for it to save current games when you exit so you don't have to start a new one when you open them back up. I run into this a lot with the unlimited game at appts. I exit to see a Dr then have to start over when I reopen it. Great variety. Something for any moment or mood. Something to do for 1 minute or 1 hour. Love this... Great to keep the brain ticking over while we social distance.. Hope everyone is well at this time we are lucky to have games like Word Games Pro... I'm not a pro yet but having plenty of fun... Thank you Word Game Pro... Best wishes from Australia I'm loving this app, such a huge choice of games to play , the only problem I have is deciding which one I'm playing first. Thank you for a great app. I absolutely love this app. I got it on sale and I'm still going through each game. I also love how it does not drain the battery much either even after playing with the puzzles for hours. Another thing I love is that since I'm learning Spanish I can actually find Spanish words in some of the word searches. A bit of advice...could you make it that we can translate the words inside the app. Perhaps have a word in Spanish then we have to match or find it in English. It would help alot. Absolutely terrific App. Great choice of quick fire games. Clean interface. Easy to understand. Well done, developers. Great games to pass the time away 2nd UPDATE: When I bought this it was only 81 now it's 89 and I was never charged a cent more ! UPDATE I have several of their games and all of them are such high quality and fun at a level above everyone else's! This is MANY of those games that you can't stop playing because they are so darn addictive. I've lost way to many hours playing several of those included! It's worth the money! My favorites are Word Cage, Word Search and Balloons Pop, so far anyway.(◡ ω ◡) Enjoying so far but have only played a few games will rate again after a few days. Good work though. A cornucopia of mini games. Chances are good you'll find something you'll return to again and again. Update: Developers were scarily quick to respond to my feedback. Quite like a lot of these games. Nice little word and puzzle games to take your mind off things for a bit. Well done! Great fun educational Fun, educational, enjoyable game. Add game word daya ingat or test daya ingat Very good fun. LOVE! UI is smooth & user friendly. There are NO intrusive ads & sounds can be turned off. Can add particular games to a "Favorites List", but only up 6. Huge puzzle assortment: Math, Spelling, Grammar, Word & Number Search, Balloon Pop, Quizzes & more. One of my favorites is "Over the Bridge". Each game has instructions too. Ideas: Game Search Button, Swipe L&R through games list instead of arrows & Longer Favorites List. Well worth the purchase, can never go wrong with LBP! 1 day in, 2 games tried out. So far, crazy fun! REALLY FUN. Pecka pecka!!! Tolik her!!! Nejvic se mi libi, ze to jde hrat I bez Internetu a ze tam je mrte I jinych nez slovnich her. Ja osobne hodne ocenuju vzdelavaci hry a tech tam je fakt hodne na matematiku a anglictinu! Diky moc! 6* :) Great time waster! A lot of games to choose from, even if some of them are really similar (to say the least). So many actually that having categories or tags wouldn't hurt, instead of scrolling aimlessly through a long list. As for the UI, I wouldn't say it's beautiful but it's clean, sharp and easy to understand. Now what I really hate is that when you finish a game, no matter what, you always end up with a GAME OVER screen and a terrible failure sound... THIS IS SO UNREWARDING! 😱 Fun, no ads. This app offers a wonderful collection of puzzle and arcade games for the price of one. Plus, the Devs are constantly adding new games, making it even better. And, better yet, it is Ad Free,... very rare these days. Lastly and most important of all, the Devs are quick to respond to any issues or questions that you may have. I really appreciate that. Awesomeness :) A definite must have. Something for everyone! Why are the games freezing? Not only is it a new game I'm playing but also the one I always play. It's frustrating and causing me to play other apps instead. I am playing the version I PAID for NOT the free app. Come on!! I play the game to relax!!!! I love that the save button was added to Word Connect. What I would like now somehow for a vowel to be added somewhere once your screen is down to just other letters but no vowels and there is still a lot of time left in the game. EDIT: bumped back to 5 stars because of the attentive dev. I had actually came and rated it 5 on my own, first, because this one game has replaced at LEAST 4 other word games I had installed on my phone, and it comes with so much more. I'm loving it so far, it was only a minor annoyance and after I had clicked rate again and changed the rating the first time, it hasn't asked again, so I'll change it back. It was my own fault for coming and rating before giving the app its first chance to ask me to rate it. Great work btw! Lots of games I like the diffrent games you can play keeps your mind going. Value. Word games up the wazoo. Still have more to try Fun. Free. What's not to like? Loads of choice, fun 😄 It's okay. Lots of games, but the word recognition is a little off and the controls tend to be unresponsive. Good value for lots of word games, but could be polished more for streamlined play. The games aren't bad for killing time BUT I wish the app would work on our Chromebook too! ...the app loads but there's no touchscreen support. The overall idea is great, the games are fun and a good brain workout. However, whilemost of the games are good, the grammar games leave a lot to be desired. Many of the "correct" answers are, in fact, completely wrong! Apart from these weird grammar games, it is a really good app. Very enjoyable and challenging word game. Awesome fun games and lots of them! Hello everyone and devs, my gripe is about getting 79 games out of the 85 the Ad says, I am not complaining about the games themselves, just a simple, basic kind of ripoff, bait and switch or over advertise and not being able to deliver as promised, some may think, "oh, don't go burning neurons over this, it's only 6 games short and the money is not much", this is a matter of principle, I'm getting a refund just as fast. I am still WAITING FOR MY REFUND, where is it??? So many games to choose from. Awful Enjoyable and relaxing. Good for the whole family. Fun games. There are a handful of really awesome games. They do a great job of combining puzzle and word games. The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is because they have 13 pages of games but i only play the same 6 games. There are a lot of repeats. But there are a few bagers! Completely amazing word game app! Any word game you can think of (any many you have never imagined!) are included in this app! If you can't find at least one that you like in this collection, then there is most likely no game on the planet that you would like! The variety of games (mostly word games, but a few extras are thrown in to give your brain a rest🤯!) is simply astounding! I find myself spending a lot of time here without getting bored! Great job devs, 5+🌟s! Best word games ever! I never pay for games but I was desperate to find a good word game to help expand my spelling. OMR (oh my rainbow) best game ever. Thank you very much so addictive and I'm looking now for more games by this creator These guys have put a lot of work into this. I had a small issue with one of their apps once and I was given the best customer service I've ever had. I have unconditional confidence they are devoted to creating the highest quality experience as they listened to my concerns, then invited constructive, critical suggestions. There are a few bugs yet with such a large venture as this, but based on prior experience I would still very strongly recommend anything they do without hesitation. Good game, bad spelling. I chose English as the language and country yet it spelt humourous as humorous and when I corrected it said I was wrong. In England it is spelt with 3 Us I love the games but don't like the timer - way too stressful for me! Yay! I can play untimed in the relax mode. Thank you!! Good entertainment learning experience I have only tryed some of the games and have enjoyed the callenge Fun but some games are hard to learn. I wish there was an "undo" button so I can figure out what I did wrong. Sucks bad Really enjoy playing Challenging Great games. Well worth the price. You can play it offline so it's great for commutes too. Gr8 getting new games on every update. One suggestion if it could be made full screen the look would be better. By Fullscreen i meant to cover the complete screen, in Redmi note 6 pro there is some black space on top and bottom. But no worries I like the game very much. i am unable to play any of the games, the app becomes frozen the moment i open it Plenty of games at all levels, addictive. Oh, and hoon is a word down under! So many word games in one app, I love it! pretty good lots of mini games What annoyed me was your reply to my generous rating after a few hours of use. I am going to delete until my rating is justified over sufficient period of use. After a 30yr career in marketing, if a client volunteered a 5* rating, I would be inclined to leave well enough alone. I met with private clients in person every 4-6 weeks & public sector, quarterly. If excellent customer/client satisfaction is consistently achieved, advertising budgets are easily reduced. My happy clients sold FOR US. Still love the game but occasionally some of the games freeze up. HELP!!! There is no way to quit and exit the game! I can't keep restarting my phone. That was the only way to exit! Some games are fun. I have encountered bugs and the user interface is clunky. I enjoy not having any ads. Great collection of word games. For the price, it can't be beat. Unlimited hours of game play. Boring. I tried all the games and have the right to post my opinion. some of the games are buggy. Love this collection of word as well as puzzle games, especially the timed games. Word Crush is my favorite and the non word games like colonies and over the bridge... LOVE the new addition called Jungle Collapse! Most definitely worth the money and mind stimulation! brill game outstanding Only just started playing this but thoroughly enjoying it at the moment Challenging Good variety but my main complaint is that the dictionaries are very limited. Even many simple standard words are not included which makes games such as Word Chess much less fun and much more aggravating. there are many downloadable dictionaries that could be implemented into these games including Scrabble dictionaries. pkease fix this one problem and I will update to a 5☆. this app keeps you're eyes moving snd brain thinking. Good variety and localization with no in-app purchases or ads the interface is dated... however its very challenging for a bunch of simple word games once you start. Theres a top 20 leader board when you login, plenty of games to play. Haven't tried the language switch option yet. I'm curious if it works in Spanish as well. Fun games but the only negative I have is that it freezes while a game is progress. I was playing a game and then it suddenly stops working, had to start all over on that specfic game. Great variety of games for a great price. i love you have to buy the full version for a dollar 149 and that's not bad cuz you don't get the full version but it's a really good game I recommend it highly. ❤️💓💕💖💗💚💛🧡💜💝💞 the more games you add the better for my mind. Awesome! So many choices and no ads! So Fun and so worth the money! Some games scoring errors. I only played a couple of these games but they seemed buggy and repeated clues - often in the very next game Great app + good way to improve the brain and have fun. This is a well designed app with so many games you don't get bored. I rarely give 5 stars so I am happy to pay a reasonable price and give the highest rating to this game. Best feature is NO ads. Love the variety of word play. My favorites will be those with no timer. Life is stressful enough without drowning in ads, timers, competitions, and hunting for WiFi. I really appreciate the offline mode for the times I have to disconnect. Please don't break the game with too many updates. Most of my DATA is consumed by ads and frequent updates. After an initial blip I now rate this app highly. From simple to quite challenging puzzles, it's got a wide set of alternatives. Worth the small ad free fee! Thanks. Lots of fun puzzles! love this app Good Games...Keep adding more good simple and fun. I like that you can try to best your score and play with friends Game over sounds like I lost. Does not work well in word search, and other games that always end with completion of a game. too much fun. great way to learn words I am totally addicited to this game. Keep the games coming please. love all the games would totally recommend. 😁 Don't like all the British slang. fun Fantastic 😍 wonderful way to pass some idle time, I have not had any problems with the site in any way there are plenty of games you dont get bored fun yet tricky Fun fun and entertaining how to post score,I play game and total score does not show. amazing love it lots of games enjoy and easy simple layout is a lil bland, grphics are lacking a bit challenging and fun Not that good. Cheap and nasty ui Love it! only posting because the app bugged me to repeatedly and I knock off one star for that but it seems a really good word game app. Just found another word tower bug, after opening a saved game my score about 2k, I continued with a 4k score but didnt save as I put my phone into sleep mode (turned my screen off) I then went back on word tower it loaded my old score of 2k and I had the right amount of skips, but all the deleted blocks are back and all the letters are all A's. Wow! What a bargain. All the games I've looked at so far are delightful. Highly recommended! Update: I thank the developers for adding and improving the games so often! Lots of fun choices for games, super responsive developer! thank you for adding the save feature - especially for "word tower"! Upping my rating to five stars! Great variety of games. Customer service is second to none. Love that they listen and take their customers comments seriously! Word games gives you a great variety to choose from. You're never bored playing a different game. Great choice that gives you a choice This is what gaming is and should be about... Having fun without being bombarded with ads or paying for a hundred inapp purchases! A must have for anyone who loves word games! keeps my mind busy Great selection of numerous word games. At least 50% of the times playing Word Search Unlimited the game abruptly stops. It's a good deal because there are So many games. Not just word games either. Great Value for money and learning. great word games and love the number aspect as well 💜, so far really good app. Great game. I enjoy the variety. Great assortment of games. Keeps me amused when on long car journeys and such. I enjoy the games. The graphics are nice. Good Set of Games heaps of different things to do and different games to challenge and entertain! great game and great app! I really love this app. I am addicted to beating highscores and word/puzzle games. I also appreciate the care the developer takes in maintenance and providing more challeges. Since from back in july 2018, there has been at least 15 games added with so much improvement. This is money well spent. And is a benefit for our children no matter age group(good habits start young tho) replace tv/games with this one. It will help keep their brain fresh and focused on games that are more beneficial. Fun, lots to do, love it. No landscape mode ok Little big play is very clever and is grounded in the way it's shaped anybody. Clint said when he became Dirty Harry a man's got to know his limitations man or woman and I like it thanks Fun, fun, fun and so many choices!! large variety of games. Hands down, this is the BEST word game collection out there. Lots of variety and new stuff added all the time. excellent game fun and interesting Great variety of word games with good user experience for the player! Great addition for the avid word gamer! Ultimate word game, many from which to choose, great fun Fun to play Not bad. Thank you for the save option I really enjoy playing Really good value, and good for the brain So happy I found this app. Wonderful selection of games, no glitches. Great price. Thank you! Great way to spend a few spare minutes Love the game so I paid for pro version but the pro version isn't the version that loads when I load through my apps,I have to keep going through play store so that I can play pro version Good game I am addicted to so many of the games offered, thank you so much for helping me avoid all the other things I am suppose to be doing. I am so glad I went with out add, it makes a big difference in the enjoyment of the games. Great word games Lots here to choose from. Excellent. Thanks dev So far..... Very good game Just not sure yet Can't put it down . A great variety of puzzles to choose from, so boredom doesn't set in. This app is both relaxing and challenging. Highly recommended... great job to the developer Used to love it until it started freezing up everytime I play it. Now I'm wondering why I spent money on buying the full version. Disappointed. PS. Word gram needs a pause option!! Awesome word games so fun to play aboustly love this app It's a great game to help with reading spelling and words This game keeps me occupied when im bored and I love it Likable Great! Lots of fun games and no in app purchases! Well worth the small price for so much content. It's even got spelling  games, with correct spelling! I love it and I am glad I got to support the  person making it in return for something this high quality with no ads. I absolutely adore the unlimited word search, it is challenging and helps  pass time. I do enjoy all the games and love how they make you think. Keep  up the great work! Thank you for such an entertaining app. Just love it The game with the stars iggeti ziggeti its not working and there is no clues what to do. The game is wonderfull and amazing my brother is 5 years old Wholesome fun. They just keep playing this game, months and years later. Lovely music. Great! Now works on Android P. Still no way of exiting the app mind. update: works well now. beautiful art. First time I tried to play it did some sort of "License check" which failed because there was no network connection. No bypass or grace period. Unacceptable for something I paid money for. wonderful game my kids love, can now confirm it works with Android 9 :) Fun selection of simple games for little children A mixture of games and achievable for most kids. Won't work until the developer updates it, very disappointing, so not buy. Good booyar After upgrading my Nexus 7 to Android 5 Lollipop, this no longer works on my daughter's 'restricted' account. Please can it be fixed? I bought, installed, ran, & it would not get past the license check. It  failed over and over. REFUND. I installed on my phone which has data, so  how is this ever supposed to work on my daughter's tablet when there isn't  wifi for her? Great little kids game. Works fine in Google play family library but when  bought from Amazon app store for use on a Fire tablet with Fire for Kids it  only works for the account that bought it and not under other family  members' accounts, i.e. the kids Both my sons (4 year age gap) love this game and it's provided them with a lot of entertainment over the years - I first bought this game in December 2013!  What I liked about it is that it's an educational game and ties in very nicely with the animated films, which they both enjoy as well.  As an added bonus, the only time I had an issue with being able to load the game, the customer service I received was wonderful. They were able to suggest a couple of ideas that pinpointed the issue I was having.  All in all, I highly recommend the game (good for ages 3 to 6/7) and thank the customer service staff for their help. :) Great! This is Kenley this is like the best app I ever played My son was playing, loving it actually, and the sound never worked screen went blank, just white. Can't get it to reload. Sad. This is one of his favorite books and movie. Some error message saying require a licence? Yet another game I have PAID FOR that doesn't work!!!! My 3year old uninstalled within an hour of purchase. No way to recall the app so had 2 buy a second time doubling the cost! It says i need to connect to internet and check licensing. I am connected. How do i get my money back? My daughter is 2 and although some games are too advanced, loves the hide and seek. Worth paying for as she will be able to play this for a few years to come as she gets older Lovely games, artwork & music but like the Gruffalo app this does a licence check whenever you start it so it doesn't work unless you have an active Internet connection, so no good for flights, other journeys, etc :-( This was very disappointing, and left me wondering why I was being treated like a software pirate. Good fun though the dragon and chips game is challenging  for young children My son has played this since he's been 2. Lots of learning going on while having fun. A gentle game, lovely music from the movie, familiar characters and no competitveness. Highly recommend. Beautiful graphics and similar style to the book. My 3 year old loves the story and this is a good addition to the story telling. The games are challenging enough for her to grow into. It does not work, it says, it needs to connect to to the internet for a licence. But I am connected and am not having problems with any other app. This is a rip off, How do I get my money back This keeps my little one amused when I need a few minutes. It's beautifully  presented too My lil boy loves this and your gruffalo app.both work perfectly on phone and tablet. He prefers gruffalo but this one is quality too. Not my cup of tea but their not really designed for 30 year olds! ;-p Kids love it It's a challencing good game for kids but it's to expensive for only 8 games and three games are almost the same. A great app for kids and ties in well with the story book. My 3 year old boy loves this game and plays all the different games and has mastered some while others are still a challenge to keep him interested Sent email requesting solution (alternative file or way to download), so far no response whatsoever, hence one star. If you can't download, get refund and do not re-purchase as the problem still persists and there is no option of further refund. Edit 1: contact made, no solution yet. Good animation great game play, within his skill range ( age 4) loved it x This is great.. But youngster soon bored of it. When will the gruffalo make it over from the deep dark orchard? Been available on iOS for a few months now. Children's learning game Really well thought out amd designed so kids can learn without it being obvious. plus they are actually Fun to play. Oh and no inapp purchases! Funny and fun to play for a 3 year old. My little girl loves playing these games. Our daughter loves the movie and this game is equally as hypnotizing. Animation and music is from the movie. Julia Donaldson is the best GREAT APP!!! MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT!! Great my 4 year old loves it Wonderful game. Now get making the other books. My daughter loves this app, she gets so excited when she gets a new medal.  I love the faithful rendering, the imagery and the music. Get this, you won't regret it. Fun, educational, lovely graphics, pleasant music that doesnt drive you crazy. My 3 year old can play some of the games by herself and there are some more difficult ones for her to grow into. Recommend. Simple interface for teaching interaction to a child. My 2 year old boy loves this. Fantastic. Great cognitive skills. My 3 and 5 year olds love this My two year old daughter loves it. Excellent quality. My 2 year old daughter loves this game, so glad I bought it. My two year old absolutely loves this app. It's so well made and imaginative. My daughter is nearly 3 and loves this game. Great music and characters. Awesome awesome awesome                      ! Plenty of variety to keep my eldest occupied, and plenty of replay value too. Worth £3 easily! Awesome app, my kids love it. Only thing that disappointed me was that you don't unlock a new game when you get all the gold medals,  just  new title screen.  This is a very minor detail though.  5/5 It is soooooooooo funny Fantastic way to learn times tables It's annoying! There's always really iritating noises while I'm playing the  game and it's supposed to HELP you learn your times tables but it makes me  forget them! It is really a great game with different Al engines . I really recommend to others for practicing chess. Out of order? Are you not supporting this app anymore? The AI levels are pretty bad. Either incredibly easy or incredibly hard, but the learning feature is good and the online multiplayer game is worth it alone. Need an Update App was working fine untill last update. Now it's not connecting in Multi-player option. I tried to connect with various network actually problem is with the app. It not asking for internet connection permission One of my favorite chess games and I appreciate the amount of effort and care the developer is giving it, keep up the good work 👌🏻 Please update for a android 11 I'm past the opening moves then at 4th move the game was cancelled? What the hell?? Great app OK Brilliant 👍 Awww Awesome, I can win against all computer opponents. Can you fix the shadows for the boards that aren't in fixed 3d for Samsung Galaxy Tab E tablet? Keeps getting better! Wonderful Had it for many years and overall quite happy. I would like to see a more learning integrated and maybe a animated fantasy mode. P.S. Thanks for fixing the navigation buttons covering the app Great chess game. Good range of opponents who seem quite human in their style. Well worth a go. Challenge yourself by choosing various levels of opponents. If you like playing a game of chess you will enjoy this app! Well done! I have seen this program develop over a number of years. Originally, the play of the game was rather weak. No more! It plays strongly now, yet is adjustable for weaker play if so desired. It offers a number of features as well, for those interested in improving their chess, or in playing others on line. I think it is a bargain at the current price, & highly recommend it. Quality Game The kids that I coach like the free online version. However it won't install on my Asus Chromebook. it keeps me busy and there is always a worthy opponent best game great site I enjoy this chess site and would really enjoy a character between level 2 and 3 for those of us who are not great at chess but need an opponent who is not too easy or hard to beat. great app The graphics and the set of features makes this a good chess app. One big drawback: the CPU never resigns in end game phase; it keeps chess-ing until the match is considered a draw and from that step you cannot undo. I've seen an app which behaves very well in this situation. It is very competitive and interesting Awesome Good basic chess trainer. Play it / Love it all the time! It is very good in all aspects The new update is better. Allowing you to block online opponents that  cheat. Good fix. Good multiplayer chess opponents. Pls add 2 player options in the game! I bought this game it should have  atleast those basic features! Needs improvements in multiplayer mode. Too many cheaters when you're  winning against an opponent and about to Checkmate them all they have to do  is going to airplane mode on their mobile device and it automatically shows  a message that it's out of sync and will only reward you 1 point . This  needs to be fixed. Nothing is worst than spending the time playing an  opponent and then they cheat in order to not lose points. They should still  lose points The game cancelled and ended in draw? What a dissapointment. When you play real life chess...its either you win lost or draw...no such thing as cancellation of on going game! The full version is a rip off, everything is basically the same except for lessons which you can easily have for free. STILL  USELESS UPDATE! I LOST POINTS BECAUSE OF A DRAW? DOES THIS DEVELOPER EVER PLAYED CHESS? STILL NOT RECOMMENDED! HEY DEV! DID U READ THIS. IM REFERRING TO YOUR DEC 22 UPDATE! GEEZ Not recommended even after this latest update. I have a strong wifi connection and this freakin app keeps dropping my game. I also had several draws and I lose a score percentage!!! Pathethic App! Uninstalling. Awesome game for chess players.  Has many different levels to learn from and online gaming I'm in midgame and has piece advantage and this freakin' app suddenly ended and it says DRAW!??? Useless update! Give me back my money! The latest update is still useless! I'm in the mid game then suddenly I lost and I still have time! Seriously??? Really dissapointed!!! I wish I never purchased this game! Beautiful design and Excellent Insight on the game! Latest version has bugs where it will end game for no reason and thereby losing points. Great app. Only issue I have is I wish you could add friends. I'd like to be able to play friends who sign up. Very good Latest version  has bugs. Have lost games for no reason, timer is still running and it says game is over. Locks up and can't  exit. Can't   play as a guest anymore. Previous versions were much more  stable. If a player resigns, the player should be asked to confirm. I can't count the number of times I have accidentally resigned because I brushed the resign button. So frustrating. Go to hell with ur new updates..refund pls..not a good service... LICHESS IS BETTER! Best chess app on android I don't mean to keep writing reviews, but a great game Nice update but there are so many bugs in New update please fix those. Very nice Best chess game I have ever seen. Try the PC version and then you will understand what I am saying. Buy "Chess Genius" or any of the "iChess" related apps as good, solid basic gameplay and instruction. Not this. The 'edit' function of this app is laughable. The selection of current boards and pieces - totally laughable. The 'hint' function is totally ambiguous, thus confusing in parallel. Actually, very disturbing/unsettling (at least for myself). The fact that this little chess game is rated highly tells me something about the idiots who review it, not necessarily hanging it in the shoulders of the people who put it together. If you like your head to be spinning in absolute confusion and you're a fan of horrible kindergarten drawn graphics, this one is for you. Otherwise, try the 2 apps I listed above (they're great). I always buy the 'pro' versions bc I don't like annoying ads. I think I wasted about $4.99 on this ditzy, quirky, silly little game. cool i wish there were more lessons. but i like losing to Claire over and over. 2d view is finally fixed. Thanks. It's a nice game you can edit the board play in 3d learn puzzles its good No good It's a very Good app. for advanced players. Today not working .what happened? Add features like "lichess" The developers did great making this game. Very good work. Recommend to everyone. I love it. The white side is too bright when one of the white pieces is on a white square. Extermely slow and jittery UI post update. Dislike. Attempt to beatuify has fallen flat Very happy with the app Please allow to choose which piece to play for the recorded/saved match games. Currently you can only play as the white. Bought the game and no glitches encountered yet. But, now you can't open pgn files(saved game/match) from a file Explorer. The app doesn't show like before. Otherwise, nise ui update, kinda slow tho UI cuts off the bottom row of buttons This is one of the best chase application on Android market The best Excellent Wonderful gane The game will randomly have connection issues to their servers. The problems only persist just so conveniently in the middle of gameplay. And of course they blame it on your Internet connection, even when connected to non-issue WiFi network. Otherwise, the game is average in quality. I want the new level between Deon and Claire. Great app! This app server is getting too slow and sometimes login error also Waste.... Awesome I paid for this app thinking that it would remember my log in information but it doesn't. I keep having to create a new log in every time I want to play because it says the password is incorrect.   It's not incorrect!! It wasn't incorrect the first time and it wasn't incorrect all through the 10th time!!  What a waste! Love it Plenty of options, easy to learn, fun to play. Best Chess app out there! Best chess app ever known to me Really good balance in difficulty, does everything it needs to do and has many bonus features. Some slight account problems in multiplayer but nothing crucial. Great game. 4/5 Levels of play improved my game. It's Chess. No other explanation necessary. Multi player platform is a favorite! perfict So well done and addictive it should come with a Surgeon General' s warning. Love chess The main usp of this app is the multiplayer mode. But the service remains off grid for days together .. Easily worth 2 quid. 7 is way better than 8. It seems like 7 should be eight and 8 should be 7 Latest version takes ages to move using"Boris" and crashes frequently. Galaxy S4 lollipop. Few things to improve though.    First is issue that when I get a call when playing this game,  I automatically loose game, even though call was for few seconds.     Secondly,  fantasy board type needs some good animation.    Also no landscape layout,  options to zoom or tilt the board are not available.                       I don't get points for winning or when other players resign.               PLEASE FIX THIS IMMEDIATELY No way to talk to other players or challenge them unless they happen to be online . many times I felt I was playing a computer not a person. Play it all the time on my computer and wanted to have it on the go. Super convienent! Like it It realy dose work Awesome Definitely a great app excellent graphics with good online opponents, an increase on board size with the ability to chat online would be great. The Best On The Web. I'm a big fan of Sparkchess and the devs, but I've got to agree with @Sathish that in the top down view, the board is just too small! Needs a refresh, or ability to rotate into landscape like the HD version. 30% of Sparkchess is black background,  and then the logo is huge. It feels like I'm watching a PowerPoint presentation instead of playing chess. Cannot get enough of this game This the best chess app hands  down... I have played most and Sparks is fast swift and reliable. .well done Add more high level that applicable for android Great App. Every time I'm about to get checkmate with the computer, the game stops with a "stalemate". How the hell can it call a "stalemate" when I have my king,  2 queens, 1 bishop, 1 rook, and.3.pawns, AND ALL THE CLAIRE HAS IS THE KING?! It's starting to get annoying. Not bad for a freebie Your app will not allow me to create an account. I'm using an Evo 3d. only complaint is that some players play too slow 2 minutes per move is too long. This is awesome game but can you please add landscspe mode so it will take full advantage of my note screeen. Thanks! Looks great on my 4" screen and plays surprisingly fast. Multiplayer mode is very simple and just works. Was waiting for an app in android forever. Please add landscape option and the ability to zoom or enlarge board. Doesn't work on latest Android phone I've purchased. Always liked Nitrome games. I bought this game, the google play said it was ok that my phone could accept it... but it isn't, my android version is too new for this game. I want my money back or make an actualization 👎 This game is totally awesome, I can't believe it has been downloaded so few times. A brilliant puzzle platform game. The only problem was it was long enough. Please make more levels. Fun game, but it started crashing on startup. Please fix! The game no longer works. It crashes on start-up. This game hasn't been updated since 2015 and it crashes when trying to play on my phone with Android 10. Please fix this or give me my money back. Before when it was available the game was great, innovative fun. Now it does not run Crashes on startup. Unable to play. What is wrong with my game I paid money for this why is it not working everytime I try to log in it kicks me out? Please access the issue so that I can play one of my favs in the nitrome collection and as always I am a huge fan of nitrome👍 Unfortunately due to some kind of bug the game crashes on startup, I have even tried contacting the developers directly through email to ask if they have any intention of correcting this issue and I haven't even gotten a reply months later. At this state I simply can't recommend someone to get this game as fun as it may look since it is impossible to launch it in certain Android versions it seems. Does not work on Android 9.1. Force closes on start up. Would be a shame if Nitrome showed it's true colors and continue to release freemium guff while leaving paying customers out to dry. Dosent work for android 9 I cant even open it. please fix the game looks really good. I can't play because it keeps telling me that it keeps stopping please fix it Will not open on Android 9 on Galaxy Note 8. It just hangs and needs to be forced closed. I haven't played in a while, and would like to play. Also, please consider porting these games over to Nintendo Switch. I like the one you have on there now. I'd love to rate it 5 stars, but I can't play it anymore. I love the game it just cant open on android 9, please fix it so I can keep playing this amazing game. I love nitrome but this app doesnt work on android 9, that wouldn't be a big deal if it wasn't a paid app but it is. It won't even open. All over goodness. Just try it! Screams for a second part :) Not working on pixel xl 2 with Android P. If starts working fine then will  update review. For now 2 stars. 3 dollar game keeps on crashing.  Dissatisfied It is a hard game. But it shouldn'tbe underestimated it is a very good one  too. I hope to see more levels too. 👌 This game is awesome! Please add more content, e.g. multiplayer, level editor Wonderful little puzzle rolling kind of game! It's definitely not like anything I've played before, the rolling mechanic is fun and the puzzles are clever, and the graphics and music really sets the mood. It really has the feel of a mech or tank-type of game, despite the character vehicle just being a "box." Its a really cool app apart from having to reopen the game when the screen blackens and lasts quite a while but sadly not enough for me bit still 10 out a 10 Worth it I think this game is great its a one of the best platformers i have played the physics are awesome you have to use the rocket jump alot witch i think is a cool part of the game but is overused a little and is a bit short but overall a good game Nitrome has officially surpassed even me with their creativity.  A brick with a gun!? IT'S SO CLEVER!!! This game has some of the most challenging and fun puzzles I've ever seen. I also love how every character has a big nose... it's just adds that much more charm to the game! The only complains I have are that the game is pretty short with only 36 stages to playthrough, which really isn't alot in the grand scheme of things, and that there is a weird glitch that forces you to restart. A simple, but fun game that flows nicely and is full of clever brain teasers. Nice gameplay with gamepad support. They need to add content to this game it's an amazing puzzle game but it doesn't provide $3 worth of content Simple mechanics and great gameplay, graphics and sound are perfect for the game. Nice to see an app of this quality on the play store with no IAP's. Any chance of making this compatible with Android TV ? If you played the original gunbrick icon game on nitrome and loved it you'll love this.  It maintains the same spirit and feel while adding graphics levels mechanics and bosses. On the other hand if you thought the original was crap this probably won't do much for you. Awesome but short Needs more levels Hwan hwan hwan.....20hwan¡!!!!!!¡¡ Maybe I'm just slow though. Horrible controls, great graphics It's the perfect mix of puzzle and action, just needs an update I hate platformer type games but nitrome somehow makes me change my mind on that.  This is the 3rd app I have actually paid for. Good puzzler/platform. Nice graphics and animation Extremely fun puzzler, but I have a few complaints. First, locking my device sometimes crashes the app, but the reason it's 4 stars instead of 5 is that it's too short for a game you have to pay for. Most nitrome games are free, and have 50+ levels. This one costs 3 dollars, and has about 36 levels, along with a few avatars to use on their site. Overall, a few hours of fun, but I'd recommend playing the free ones on their website instead. Yet another great game made by nitrome!!!! Wish it had more levels. Box flippin fun! Most of the levels are really well designed :-) definitely worth playing all the way through ! It's even better than the original. The original had fun puzzles but this one just has so much more. The only complaint I have is that it's short. Icebreaker has a lot of levels and 8-bit doves has probably about 100 as well. I say it every time, and I'm never disappointed. They're just so CREATIVE--in every aspect of their games: development, graphics, usability, story, level design, everything! Sticking to the walls? I mean, come on! Who does that? Nitrome, that's who. Nitrome... Mobile app god! Terrific control system and level designs. It does annoyingly crash when the phone is locked, requiring a level restart. That aside, beautifully done. Nice action puzzler with lovely details (such as the stomped foes sticking to your cube). Crashes whenever Iock my phone (galaxy s5) during a level (graphics error), forcing me to restart the level. Would be awesome if you could find the time to fix this, as it makes playing on the go quite a hassle. Thanks! I just don't get that people want iaps. They uck don't add them. I loved the original game on nitrome, but this? Even better! Nitrome never disappoints! Graphics are amazing, game play amazing. Keep up the good job! The first gunbrick was deceivingly simple, and was an original idea that worked. The controls in this really surprised me, really fun to control. The sound quality is a little fuzzy, but not annoying. Puzzle adventure games are my favorite genre ever, and this doesn't disappoint. Now the price is a bit high, but with more levels added I think it will eventually be worth the full price. But since I support nitrome I have no problem paying it. This is a quality game, and I suggest buying it if you are bored. This game has a very nice feel to it. Swiping and tapping the screen is s very intuitive control mechanism. Levels have been well thought out with puzzles getting gradually harder (most unlike Nitrome who usually give you just a couple of easy levels before ramping up the difficulty! ) I would recommend this game. Great pixel art from one of the best devs awesome graphics I just finished the game, Nitrome did an amazing job. WAY better the Flash version. The game deserves 5 stars, it was well made. But it's the price the disappoints me. $2.99 as an IAP is understandable, but as the price for the full game... Yes, it's Nitrome, but for the amount of content you get, I feel it's a bit much. Had there been a couple more worlds, though, $2.99 would've made sense. Add more level sets, and I'll gladly give full 5. One of the finest and most unique games I've played on mobile in some time. Puzzly game if you like puzzles Brilliant game, great graphics, really nice controller support (however the touch interface is also really good). Is Love to set more levels though, even add IAPs. hi, paid money for this game only to get two measly levels..it keeps on crashing on 3rd level for some reason and i cant play it any further..please help! am using a Huawei Ascend Y300 running android 4.11..need assistance to fix issues asap Fun game. Hopefully more level packs eventually Great movement-based puzzle game. Lovely graphics style. Enjoyable experience. Would love to have few more levels. Extra points for lack of IAPs and no excessive permissions Fits touch screen gaming pretty perfectly, although I kind of miss the simplicity of the original gunbricks graphics - I sorta wish if they had to add to it that they had added a story as well, but whatever, - beautiful as always from nitrome, and a brilliantly simple concept that feels like it should have always existed - glad that I can finally pay to support it. One of the best games out there! Maybe even THE BEST! The puzzles are awesome,the music and graphics are great and the controls are easy! MASTERPIECE! Awesome graphics. Scary, eerie and enlightening. Not too difficult, also not too easy. The focus seems to be on providing a dark, but an exotic adventure, together, with logical puzzles that don't require any esoteric knowledge or skill. It's a very interesting and unique experience that shouldn't be overlooked. Before starting, allow storage access for the game from the game's info page (a lowercase letter i with a circle around it) which can be accessed by long-tapping the game's icon. Fantastic art. You can definitely pick up on the H.R. Giger and Zdzisław Beksiński vibes. The puzzles weren't too complicated but the game is still enjoyable. You're mainly playing this for the aesthetics. Dark but brilliant. Intuitive, with some storyline choices that can decide on the fate of your character. Thoroughly enjoyed it! This is perhaps one of the best visually appealing games I have played in a very long time. It is very challenging at times but in a good way. It makes sense the further you go. There's many great life lessons included as well that focus on our own mortality and our own choices in life. It's a really well done piece. Wonderful artwork! What an absolute gem. Art style is incredible, like dark souls entwined with Geiger and IHNMAIMS. Puzzles were fun and creative for the most part. Challenging enough to keep me entertained but didn't push me to search Google every five minutes. Highly recommended. Great game. One of the best I've ever played. If you like these types of games, this is one you won't want to miss! No need to describe the art which will already have been praised by others. Excellent puzzles, strong story, and for an impatient gamer like me, who doesn't want to spend too long in one place or on one stumbling block, a game with the right pace and challenge. RonB I really enjoyed this game. Graphics and storyline are awesome. Please make more! Awesome game! Mind bending puzzles, the perfect atmosphere, 5 star rating! Excellent game Great puzzle and gameplay! Search, Seek, Puzzle game. I also like that some choices change the outcome of the game. I have not advanced very far into the game yet, but I like this game. Great game..... Text dialogue is tiny, impossible to enjoy without straining your eyes I paid for the full version and I have reinstalled 3 times and it wont load. The demo worked fine. Woulld love to play it or get my money back. Disappointed. I loved the graphics. Puzzles were not too difficult to figure out. I hope you keep up the great work and bring more games. Thank you!! Great game! Very short and enjoyable game, playable in one sitting. Excellent way to burn a few hours. Fantastic Giger-esque artwork. Love it artwork, hope dev create another. I really like the game, it was fun n easy enough to play without any hint stuff you usually have in games like this. I really love the art style and the story of the game too. It's also a game that makes me wanna play it over and over again. It was really fun. Kudos to the creator of the game! Slow game I play a lot of point and click games didn't like this game One of the best games in its category. Thanks to the team for this beautiful game. I love Giger-like art style. Puzzles simple enough to not make yourself feel miserably stupid. There are choices what is rare in point'n'click games. Good game even if its easy Beautiful Art Best point and click game for Android!!! I played this game over 2 years ago and still waiting for a sequel so... any time guys Wonderful game. Very good game. Well worth time and money. Beautiful and Challenging Good game but hints or clues Good adventure and puzzles Wanted it to be longer, only reason why it looses a star, but totally from a selfish point of view! And I ended up in hell! Bugger my choices Literally couldn't stop playing this game!! I started playing it late night Xmas eve and hours passed before I realized it was getting daylight and I needed to start cleaning and cooking before our family came over for Xmas lunch/dinner. Needless to say I couldn't stop and ended up having to rush around getting stuff done so that dinner would be done in time lol. Highly recommend this game. Its not too gruesome or scary but I wouldn't let ur child under 10 play it. It may scare them. This game is absolutely beautiful. The puzzles aren't too challenging but they make you think. The controls can be a bit fickle at times, but overall this game was amazing. Amazing game, keep you engaged with many puzzles. @good gamr Great 3,5 ☆s for Graphics | I remember starting this game when it was Free, but stopped back then when I had to pay. | Tried it again since it was under Play Pass, yet then as I played, I remembered the true reasons why I had quit before: ● No Clues 》 To help discover what area to look at next | ● No Hints | ● Side Games not Challenging Enough | ● Side Games give no ideas of where or what to look at next | ● Monotonous Clicking vs Detective Work to Discover Anything New. This is a really good point and click puzzle game. The graphics and artwork are outstanding, as is the world which this game is based in. Could use more red herrings and difficulty. But generally worth the time to play it. Attempt to escape from a nightmare! Puzzles aren't overly difficult. Nice graphics for a simple point and click. I like it. You need to make another game of this Incredible game Strange and eery. Definitely made my Google play pass gather some value. The story overall was pretty interesting and the art was weird and creepy. The puzzles were not difficult, but not too basic. It didn't take long to finish, but it was about the right length for what it set out to do. Could have been a bit longer and had more puzzles. Outstanding puzzle game. Very atmospheric. Creepy but delightful. I would highly recommend. Great art style and soundtrack. Awesome gameplay mechanics for point and click. No annoying menus or item selections that don't work. Difficulty is 2/10 because everything easy to find and logic is very easy. Not a lot of lateral use for items which is good in my opinion. It's a beautiful looking game, but it's fun for about 20 minutes then it's just repetitive. I'm not a fan of going from one end of the game to another to get something, then going all the back. Just to then have to go back to the other side of the fricken game. Nice experiment, cohesive dark background. I enjoyed! Some action does not have à clear view like the prisonner encaged in the cave. Still a very Nice game to spend time on!! Can't get past the key locks from the angel statue. Played it for over 30min and still nothing 🙄 Beautiful game. Haunting yet elegant. Wonderful story telling. Amazing artwork Addictive game. Felt way too short (or perhaps I was playing for a long time). Anyway, what bothered me the most was the ending.. I even completed the game twice to get both endings (good and bad) but I was pretty unhappy on how you don't feel like it was worth to repeat the whole game the second time, just to have a different music and destiny.. But overall very good. I would add just more levels or at least something after we ascend or get cast into hell This is an awesome point and click game. Enjoying it immensely. Fun game with some mildly annoying slide puzzles and very obtuse actions. Has pretty much 0 replay value besides a few good/evil decisions that give you the same item just different dialogue with all good equalling good ending otherwise evil ending. Beautiful, dark and a mind tease! This game is a bit difficult at times because there isn't a hint button BUT if you search carefully and pay attention to the notes left around you can figure things out. The art is dark and even has some blood here and there Definitely not a simple puzzle game. Awesome game very detailed and fun puzzles. My only complaint is the chevrons to move screens can be really hard to see at times. This game is fantastic. The graphics and art design is vert well created. The story, though maybe short, but informative in great mystical detail. The adventure, solving puzzles and it all comes down to the shocking true in the end. Absolutely brilliant game. I have to be honest, on 2 occasions I had to turn to Google for help. Other then that a lot of challenging puzzles, some of them a bit too easy for my taste. But overall well balanced. Storyline very entertaining and beautifully done. All in all a well deserved 5 star rating! Played it twice for the different endings and will see now if there perhaps three or more, lol.. Awesome mystery puzzle game with great art. Excellent Dark game but excellent point n click type puzzle game. Amazing graphics, very morbid and dark, scenes of torture and al sorts of dark scenes give this game an epic feel and the soundtrack is perfect. Difficulty is more towards the moderate to easy side. Love it, highly recommend it. Really enjoyed the story , puzzles and artwork. Great work I'd recommend this to anyone who likes mature adventure/puzzle games. The puzzles difficulty, though not too easy, they're not too cryptic either (in my opinion.) I also liked the design choice of having to tap the screen to advance dialogue, thus ensuring the player doesn't miss anything that might be important. 5 stars. What I seen of it was gorgeous. With that being said, I never made it out of the first castle. The "hints" are not explained, sequences are unclear, and it boils down to you going from room to room aimlessly clicking everywhere. Doing that helped but if thats what I'm in for the whole game I'd rather not put the time into it to see the rest of it. Also, there's no indication on what your actions are gonna result in. I'm not going to go to the internet for every puzzle either. The monster looks like a diglett lmfao I tried Tormentum again and found it was the lack of arrows showing up to I dictate new passages that threw me. Once I knew that it turned out to be quite fun. Honestly one of the most engaging point and click experiences I've had. Thoroughly enjoyed the story, environment and art style. This world would make for a fantastic RPG. Couldn't put this down. Outstanding work! Beautiful Game, simply stunning visually. Good storyline, and interesting puzzles. Love it!!! This game has such beautiful art and spooky ambiance! I will be watching this dev for future games! Loved this, art, setting, sound and ambience really sell it. Look forward to more! It was a good game nice graphics and doable puzzles that were challenging enough but didn't distract overly from the flow of the game. Absolutely INCREDIBLE game. The art in it is just jaw dropping. The atmosphere, the story, the puzzles, everything was amazing. Only notes: puzzles aren't explained and there's no hints, so you may need external help on occasion. Also there's triggering content just as a warning- specifically a part regarding suic*de that I wish wasn't in there...Still, 5/5 stars like I'm in awe. Art design in this game was awesome, especially the ones during the end credits. Very good game. Great graphics, thanks. Great game, thank you! Incredible Game!! Very well done! Beautiful artwork and great story. Great dark twist on point and click. Wish there was an option after you finish to pick different choices. So well done!!! Boring and too easy This is the best escape game I've played in a long time. There were no hints so I got stuck a few times, but eventually I was able to work out the next step. The graphics were incredible. The storyline was really good and was different than the sappy love stories that most of these games seem to have. Usually I delete this type of game after working through to the end, but this one I'm keeping to go through it again with different choices along the way. I definitely recommend this one. Really enjoying it, love the dark theme. Got it on play pass, I would have gladly paid full price for it. The graphics (art work) are also really good. First time I have bothered to rate an app. I enjoyed the whole game. It was well thought out and the artwork was awesome. I had already guessed the ending in a way. But great game. Good puzzles. Challenges my brain meat Not one for me as don't like this type of click puzzle game, but if that is your thing then definitely worth a go. I agree with those who have commented on the amazing artwork You guys did very well on the graphics! It was like i went into something twisted between history, and fantasy. Very darkly. I liked it (shame on me). The reason it's not five stars is the ending wasn't quite the way I would imagine it although I've read there's two parts. I got the good one first time. And the arrows moving between locations kept disappearing and i often found myself confused because of that. On mobile it's very small I suggest you to enlarge it or change its color more intense No clues or hints ... Very hard to find anything in the dark scenes... didn't like it. Really enjoyed this game. Graphics and gameplay are great and the ending is fun. The graphics are amazing and it is obvious a lot of time and love went into the design. Where this game falls extremely short is the puzzles. The puzzles are overly simplistic, very obvious, and lack any sort of challenge. You can't turn off the flashing location indicators either thus taking away discovering areas of interest yourself. It's a shame because the graphics are fantastic. It would be an easy 5 star if the puzzles were as intricate as the optics. Very pleasant surprise and really enjoyed playing. Would have liked a map and the direction arrows to be a bit clearer, but the game itself was great. I truly loved this game. Very different "feel" to it..not just the amazingly detailed graphics but the entire game kept me completely entertained. It does have a very dark theme and not for young children (unless they like nightmares) as well as perfectly done puzzles that don't make you wanna throw your device at a wall! lol Its not too terribly long but well worth the time. Great job Devs! When can we have more like this? So good!! Dark, creepy and really makes you think about the decisions you make throughout. Wow, what can I say. This was a refreshing game, and the graphics were to die for. Definitely not for the light hearted, but if you love horror or moral dilemmas, then definitely give this a go. The replayability is also worth mentioning, because not everything is revealed at first. Thoroughly enjoyed this 👏 Fantastic game, wanted it to go on longer. Great story and right balance of playability. Great game! The graphics and scenes are amazingly detailed I would give this game a 10 but there I only see 5 stars loved this game, wow, awsome, and a big kickass thanks. Tina who makes this game and what other games do they make? I can only imagine what they would be like. Try this game it is worth I did not want it to end. Again. This was my above all games I have ever played my most favorite! I love it, a little spooky and lots of puzzles to solve. Worth the money!! Potentially the best and most original old-school adventure on the Play Store Fun game, puzzles are pretty straight forward, could use a little more interaction with surroundings to be a great game, but otherwise a worthwhile puzzle game & decent story for the price. The theme is probably the most appealing & beautiful aspect of the game. I want my money back. Could not even play the game I would rate zero if there was one. Conclusion was good, so is the graphics and puzzles. The only thing is that I feel that I was expecting lot more maps in this game. I was able to finish this game in a day. Beautiful. Pretty deep too, with great art. Medium difficulty, but still fun. The creepy aspects are meaningful, and well thought out. Excellent game. Challenging but not too frustrating. The graphics are amazing and the plot is pretty good. Excellent game. Beautiful, dark, steam punky graphics. Choose your own adventure plot line. Fascinating, sometimes twisted, characters. Great replay value due to the numerous choices. Some challenging (but not piss you off difficult) puzzle type situations. 1 of the BEST games I've played in a very long time! I so wish this was a series, I'd happily pay and play all of them. Great job, OhNoo Studio guys! I hope you make more adult, dark games like Tormentum! Loved it. Characters and story everything. Kept me interested and entertained. Well worth the money. I didn't want it to end. One of the best games like this iv played. This game looks attractive but I would suggest not buying it. It'd a total waste of money. It wouldn't even open in my phone, all I see is a a black screen. As promising as it looks I am very disappointed. And would like a refund No Clues, no Map, few options. Time waster of serious magnitude. I half enjoyed it. Three stars is enough. Fun, beautiful game. The ending sucks, but other than that the mood, art, sound effects and varied puzzle types make for a very enjoyable game. I already purcase this on pc. It is very impressive visual novel. But on my device is a bit darker, that hard to see some item. Amazing graphics Demo was good screen goes blank on full game Amazing art great puzzles and a good story all wrapped into a great package. Worth every cent. This is a very good game. The world and dark setting are exactly what I love. Graphics and sound fit just right. The story is interesting and makes you want to keep playing. There's consequences to your decisions which adds a nice extra layer of thinking compared to most other games where you just do what needs to be done and move on. The puzzles were fun and challenging. My only complaint is that while the world has life with things moving, it needs more from the characters. Overall great job👍 Loved it..a bit more challenging than other similar games.. loved making choices to determine different outcomes...graphics and gameplay were phenomenal...hats off to you this game was fantastic...keep em coming Just black screen when loaded? Great game, please keep creating game, my kids love the story games and I really love this game and please again make more games like this and add Spanish language like this game. Alllright different,opening,releasing and unleashing Incredible My friend recommended I try this game out, and I am not disappointed. The artistic design is exceptional, and the music accentuates the mood it sets remarkably. I will play through this again to see the other ending, for certain! Fun puzzle game with a great, dark art style I very much enjoyed the game. It was surprisingly long. It wasn't particularly taxing or difficult but well worth playing through to the conclusion (or to one of the possible conclusions...). On my wife's tablet, however, there was no background music and the graphics were very jerky. I doubt she would have rated it so highly. The direction arrows should also be clearer. Hard and very challenging. I lke it so far ! Fantasic game. Loved the whole dystopian fantasy world created, beautifil , detailed and creepy artwork. Morbid music added to the feel of the game. Only gripe was that I got 'damned' because of pride. Anyhow, hope you guys are making a sequel or similar game. Just an idea, perhaps you can add cgi clips to add more to the storyline for any similar game. Thanks it was fun guys. Keep 'em coming. Vivian Excellent art and story! I liked how my choices affected the ending. I'm looking forward to more like this! Bug has stopped me returning to dig under being as picture clue. No return arrow at side of screen. new Galaxy Tab S6 has loaded and game now runs fine. One of the best games I have ever played. reminds me of Soul Reaver games. Can only hope Tormentum 2 is playable on android. 10/10. All the graphics very messed up, sent a complaint in the mail to the developers, with screenshots, didn't get any answer. The was no free demo to try so bought it blindly, turned out a big mistake. Awesome game! If you like the Rusty Lakes games, you'll enjoy this one. Although this was a bit easier but definitely not convoluted as in some of Rusty Lake series games. Enjoyed story and creativity! Thank you! Good story, nice puzzles and not too short. Only thing I didn't like was scrolling on each page to see the whole scene. Tormentum is tormenting because after many many restart, still the same problem ........after the opening phrase of Immanuel Kant, nothing is happening, just a black screen where I wait and wait and nothing......I used the paid version, I got a refund but shame I could not play it, it did look like an exciting game. The graphics get pixleated makes seeing detail impossible. Great game deeply flawed graphics it was interesting but a tad on the easy side. Graphics were amazing though. Excellent!!! I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of this fantastic game. Probably the best adventure game I have ever played. Well worth every penny. The puzzles are amazing, some were really hard. I don't do walkthroughs so this game took me ages but I got there in the end. Brilliant ending as well, even the final credits were great. Thank you guys for a great game, I'm off to your website to see what else is you have done. A masterpiece! 5 star rating. Waiting for a refund, i bought this game and it didnt work..now you recieved payment immediatly no waiting, and your game didnt work so I should get refunded as fast as YOU were payed. great fun need the code to the train on or what do I do This is the best game I've found on the Pay Store, the artwork is incredible, the mini games are challenging. Just fantastic. Thank you loved it! Amazingly unique puzzle game. This game is great. it is completely different in terms of the plot and a kind of choose your own adventure morality. the art is stellar and very beautifully done. my only feedback is the puzzles were too easy. I found the game after the initial castle the best part. I even played it twice for different endings. definitely worth it. and I don't give 5 stars very easily. Great job! good game can't say if I like it or not all I get is a black screen.....it looks like it would be amazing tho Excellent game, wish it was longer. Great graphics with fun and challenging puzzles I have no way to give a rate. I have tried 2 different devices and the game will not load. When you finally get to the start page it goes black and then you have to reboot an d my advice is drpp it like a hot potatoe Great game zajebista awesome game! quality experience with gorgeous graphics. no in-game microtransactions, like in the good old days Pure Brilliance! 5***** Absolutely fantastic game - the graphics are so stunning (which more than makes up for them being quite grisly!) and the puzzles are very different but solvable with some thought - more please! Previous problem that prevented play appears resolved. Outstanding game! Wonderful game to play. Gives us an insight to our lives. Story line intuitive with choices to determine your fate. Fantastic artwork - Sometimes I stopped to admire it. Well done - Hopefully I can find another game from your team. I tried to find a flaw so I could give it 4 stars, but I just can't. Amazing art, amazing music, great setting and mood. it's dark. It's everything I want from a point and click adventure game. Just get it if thats the kind of games you're into! love it - wonderful atmosphere - sequel please because this is too good to finish - love it would give 10 stars if it was possible Ok FINELY, A SUCCESSFUL INSTALL ! WAS THE TORMENT WORTH IT ? YES ! ONE OF THE COOLEST POINT CLICKS I'VE PLAYED ! THANKS !!!! Absolutely fabulous. Wish there more games like this! Never played a game like this! So awesome! LOVED IT!! Graphics are amazing! The storyline is amazing! The puzzles are challenging but fun. But the choices and the changing storyline and ending based on my choices was EPIC!! WELL DONE!! Please make more like this!!! Very atmospheric and thought provoking adventure with reasonable puzzles. Asking for a refund because it wont even launch the game. It shows a circle of snakes then goes right to my home screen. payed for, installed, got to menu pressed "start" BlackScreen!. DELETED. "" NO REFUND, EITHER Really good Gorgeous visuals and interesting but fair puzzles. I enjoyed this game. A great game ,well thought out and a joy to play 10 out of 10. wont work. cant rate it as i cant play it great game, super gorgeous artwork and atmosphere. very enjoyable. Want more but sad too see their only other apps are children's books! hahaha nice game. really big, took me a few days to finish it. so obviously metal :))) This is such an awesome game I love that your choices determine the end of the story. The art is absolutly amazing and original. The different characters along the way are so terrifingly awesome I was excited to see who I would meet next. I recommend getting this game it really is worth it. Great job to the developers such a great game. Was looking forward to playing, but the demo is the only version that loads. Great game, loved the story and the art, was hooked like I haven't been in a long time :) Now I feel bad I picked it up when it was on sale - well worth the full price. Game play was decently long and puzzles weren't frustrating, could have been more challenging, actually. Overall, great experience! The game wouldn't even open. one of the best games teaches you something genuine!! The puzzles are a bit too obvious. But this game is worth the price just for the atmosphere and graphics alone. You can tell a lot of passion has gone into this. update to resolve problem sent very quick. looks good only just started. played the free game with no problems, then paid for it and get a black screen that wont load. Google wont refund my money, developer wont respond to e mails. Developer has given other info on game site that states a problem with sd card and downloading. That does not fix my problem or refund my money. Google should be behind the consumer, refund or free download of same game. Stay away from this developer........... This is one of the top point & clicks i have played. Thouroughly enjoyed. Fun but too short. UPDATE-redownloaded and checked the developer's suggestion. Game has access to memory card but Obb file downloads onto internal memory same as the game. Reached out to OhNoo studio for more help but still awaiting response. Demo played and functioned well. What an amazing game. Beautiful graphics, easy to understand puzzles that don't cause frustration. Loved the storyline although I was damned for bad decisions which I didn't fully understand I was making at first, it is truly a remarkable and wonderful game. Well worth the price. I have played all Room games, Relic Seeker, and many other point and click puzzle games and this one is just as incredible. Keep up the great work! Thanks for the adventure. love this game, need more!!!! Absolutely loved this game. No glitches. Graphics are fantastic. Wonderful story line. Puzzles were enjoyable and not too difficult which was a pleasant experience. If you enjoy a game that makes you think while relaxing without getting discouraged, then I highly recommend this game. You may want to play it a couple of times. Thank you for this wonderful game. The hard work, artistry, and imagination behind this game was worth every penny. Great job to all involved...... unable to start how about my money back Wish there were more like this, loved it Very choppy. does not flow. difficult to look at which is too bad because if it ran smoothly the graphics would be fantastic! Couldn't get past the first scene. Unfortunately, it doesnt work past the "Play Game" button on my Lenovo tablet. just a black screen. This sucks because I REALLY wanted to play this game for a long time, and from the pics and videos it looks amazing. Please fix this bug so i can take the money I got in refund and try again, because I still really want to olay this. Edit: I got this game on sale, but have already refunded it after it didn't work. If it goes on sale again, I may give it another try. worth it! This was a wonderful game! Definitely worth my money! The puzzles could have been a little more difficult, maybe, but it was so much fun to play. Creepy artwork! Excellent game, not for rookies. Some of the accomplishments are a bit too subtle (i.e. after positioning the hanging cages, a small dot of a coin appears at the edge of the well). A map would enhance the game. Sometimes the directional arrows are tardy when they decide to appear, but overall, an enjoyable challenge. The end felt like judgment day. Very good and DARK game. Had same problem as user Amber, played demo then bought full game which has not launched beyond play game screen. NO RESPONSE from OhNoo developer, demo version works....but do not waste your money on full game. Played Demo. Hated that I had to download the full game instead of just continuing from that. To make matters worse I downloaded the "full" version and started the game or at least I thought I did. Can't get past the play game button. just a black screen so disappointed. this is why I stick with companies I know but I waited so long to finally get the game and now I'm so upset I've wasted my money and usually you can hit refund if it's in a reasonable time limit... nope! support didn't respond! Love it so far. Art style is right up my alley and the puzzles are challenging enough. Would not play, so i hope i got my money back Jerky movements...couldnt pick up wood to lite candles - no idea why. Refunded awseome game,fun to play,the dark theme art and story is brilliant! Like a good book, couldn't put it down but didn't want it to end either! this is a really good game Interesting puzzles with great atmosphere. Looks inspired by H.R Giger with some Beksinski. Oh man, this game. Beautiful art and story reminiscent of H. R. Giger and the dark recesses of our mind.. A refreshing twist on point and click adventure games. Well done and thank you Developers! I am in awe.. I have played countless escape games, but this is beyond anything I've played. Not only are the graphics fantastic, and giger-esque breathtaking, but the storyline is grabbing, dark, and actually quite poignant, something that I've not experienced in any other app game. And not leastly: the music is incredible! It paints the atmosphere so perfectly. This journey was absolutely worth the money. I want more of this!! A game that actually teaches you something, pity its so very short Amazing game. The artwork is impeccable and unique. The music and sounds are exceptional. The gameplay is more than well balanced and has different endings based on decisions made in-game. Please make another game like this, incredible. What a great point and click. Amazing artwork, perfect puzzles and a great story. Love every bit of it. If you're a fan of this type of art, then you need to play this game. Great game with awesome graphics and interesting storyline. Was completely hooked and couldn't put my phone down! Excellent!!!! One of the best I have ever played.... Not bad, not bad at all. At times the game made you think about your next move and it was difficult enough to enjoy. Unbelievable game, I'm a huge fan of the genre. They did an incredible job making this game have such a distinctive feel to it. It's morbid, violent and beautifully designed. It gives you multiple choices and adds to replay value. All in all a must buy. I've really enjoyed my playthrough. Story is interesting to follow. Visuals are really nice and the world beckons to be explored. I really appreciate the difficulty of puzzles and item combinations. It's just right, it provides some challenge, but it never becomes frustrating, so you never lose your immersion and flow. The only thing that would make the experience better for me is if the move to another location arrows would be slightly more visible against the background, sometimes it was hard to see them. Thank you devs, good luck with your future projects! Well written dark fantasy quest with gorgeous art and music that enhances it greatly. Animation is simple but functional. Puzzles aren't too challenging but I really don't mind because the game has a nice pace. Walking from one end of the map to another is certainly no punishment. I think I spent half an hour in the cathedral. Will play again eventually to see the artwork again. Great adventure / puzzle solving game. typical point and click adventure, tap everything, see what moves or can be picked up and figure out where it belongs.. same old same old.  Nice imagery though, i have always loved Gigers works. Excellent point and click adventure game well worth the price, decent length of play too. Played through twice now as there are multiple endings depending on your decisions. Amazing fantasy theme loved it. I did not expect such dept from this title. Extremely well done, the art style is very impressive and very very dark. You might get nightmares but it is well worth it. The story is a well composed and it all makes sense at the end. I am a PC player and have a fairly high standards towards games and Tormentum deffinitely met my expectations with flying colors. It is a Must Play! Absolutely outstanding in every way and such a rare find. The hand painted graphics are stunning with such exquisite detail and the atmosphere pulls you in immediately. The concept & storyline is genius. This is a dark, even disturbing tale invoking powerful emotions of morality. The ending was unexpected, unsettling and thought provoking. I bought this game when it was first released and haven't found one yet that compares. What a GEM! The visuals are just outstanding. Excellent visuals, touches on the concept of duality, morality and other such things in religious and occultic standings. If you're into that and puzzles then this is the game for you. Bad ass Best point and click mystery puzzle game on Android... Developer touched on  every detail in the making of this game...Fantastic job! !! One of the best games i have ever played, the story is just amazing and  puzzles are beautiful, the graphics and art is just mind blowing. Thank you  for this game a work of art! I had this on my wishlist for a long time. Am I glad I got it. The music is  a nice atmospheric feel that adds a spice to the already awesome  Giger-esque artwork of the game. The gameplay itself leaves no  disappointment on my fingers. Not yet sure about the length of the game but  I expect it will be adequate. UPADATE - I finished the game binge playing  and have to say the length is enjoyable. Another good point is the game  also has a replay value. Great puzzle game. Hints only in the sense that things glow. Very nice  storyline. One of the best games I've ever played! A great blend of storytelling and  gameplay that flow together to illustrate a dark fantasy; an exceptional  effort was put into the making of this well thought out game. A must buy. Beautiful masterpiece. The developers put a lot of thought and  work into every little detail. From the design of the dress, to the tile  patterns on the floor. Such a brilliant game. I loved every minute of it; it's challenging, dark,  and unique. Beautiful. As soon as I finished it I played it all over again  <3 Uhhhhmaziiiiing!! Gorgeous artwork and music! Played through once on Steam  and twice on android to get different endings. Hoping for more stories like  this in the future! Well done! <3 Beautiful.... You should make more. Might want to keep an eye out for the  glitches tho. Amazing game. The amount of detail in each level is just incredible,  specially for a mobile game. Quite worth the price! Brilliant game well worth the money. Absolutely loved this! Great graphics and storyline. Great game. Loved every quirky minute. Best game I have played in a long  time. Great graphics, difficult solutions that had you thinking but not so  hard you give up. Wonderful. Awesome! One of the best games out right now! Worth the price! Thank tou for the best puzzle game ever The graphics itself is art.  Not a lot of choices in game okay but damn the art is beautiful Amazing! Best point and click game ever! What a great game!  Loved it!   The only negative comment I have is it was way too dark.  I had to lighten up the screen as high as it would go.  I guess I like to see what I'm looking for I've EXTREMELY picky with puzzle games, generally  because I find them WAY too easy and I finish them in an hour or find them so boring I just delete them. Then came this game...FINALLY A PUZZLE  GAME THAT I NEEDED TO LOOK UP HELP WITH(after sitting for 5hrs losing my mind over a puzzle), that is one of the best comments I could ever give any puzzle game! I loved every part of the game. The art style looked like it was heavily influenced by H.R. Geiger but to it's credit had a look solely unique to this game. I loved how difficult it was, how a simple over looked detail would screw you. Thank you from the bottom of my puzzle loving heart. I'm begging for a sequel to see if indeed the man's lover forgives him and if not...what lies ahead. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR ANYONE  WHO LOVES/CRAVES A CHALLENGE! Love the dark adventure w deep points behind it! Well done! Wow. Beautiful graphics, excellant game play. Wonderful experience. Beautifully dark so far. Not perfect, but the love that went into the game deserves the 5 stars. The story is interesting and the puzzles are decent (though I wished there were more of them). The art is simply phenomenal. Great game. You can really see the influence of HR Giger. Very creepy atmosphere. Great way to get a good feel of the game before you buy it. I bought the full version. Thank You. Beautiful and amazing game! Puzzles aren't crazy hard. A real pleasure to play... Can't wait for another! Nice graphics and fun puzzles Loved this game. Couldn't stop playing. The twist at the end was great. The puzzles were just right. I don't usually stay interested in games very long but this one is addictive. Can't wait to play more by this developer! Its not the best game out there but its a good game for what it is. A simple and easy game thats more like a playable story.  It was a refreshing change to play a dark themed game with beautifully twisted creatures. They've done well graphically, making horrible monsters but done with a sort of beauty. I liked how your choices lead to a different ending i only wished those choices lead you on a different path to the end so playing a second or third time was as fun as the first. My only regret was not buying this sooner. Beautiful artwork !  Smooth game play , nice animations, it all looks great. I got this on sale, totally worth it This is hands down the best game I have ever played on my phone. So glad I found it! Thank you! Managed to save my soul on the 3rd time of playing. Great game. I enjoyed this more than I thought I would. Finished it in one sitting but well worth the price. Beautiful and entertaining story. Very fun puzzles. Has a message, although the morals being expressed are questionable and maybe a bit hypocritical. It was visually stunning and hauntingly beautiful. I can't recommend it enough. Great game excellent graphics Loved this game. Something different. Def going to try more games by OhNoo Studio! The game play and visuals were both good (especially if you like puzzles), but the way you are judged at the end for your actions is absolutely idiotic...  For example, there's a character that barbarically tortures and kills people in the game, yet killing him is judged at the end of the game as an act of evil committed by YOU. And of the at least 10 choices you'll have to make, if so much as two or more of those choices are judged as "evil" then you'll get the bad ending.   Had it not been for that, I would've given this game a much higher rating. Awesome!!! Poignant story, beautiful graphics. It was challenging and exciting, but it was rather short. Fab ! But I have a doubt . how to light fire in that fire room . I have a lamp , a skinning knife and a gold coin . plz tell me what to do next Excellent game, hopefully there will be more Treat yourself to something great and try this game. If you like graphic novels in the style of heavy metal with H.R Giger influence you'll love this. What more can I Say? When playing this i didn't want it to end, like a great movie that grips you and keeps pulling you into an ever more complex story, this game made me want to keep playing to go deeper and deeper in. Awesome! A decent point & click with unique art style and story. For those that complain about price.... Do you even understand how much time, money and hard work goes into making a game like this?  Hands down probably one of the best games I have ever played on an Android phone. People will look back at this game as the start of something entirely new in point and click games. The fact that you can play the game again and make different choices that will affect the outcome of the game.... Brilliantly Done!!!  Update 8-9-17.  For those of you complaining about what they said about suicide...  You have know idea what the devs have been through.  They may have lost someone close to them from suicide. I agree, it's a selfish act. It's also a serious problem now. The more people are aware, the better they are to see the signs in someone. If you didn't like that comment,  then move on and grow up and don't bash the devs for it.  Thank you again for such an amazing game. I have played it over 10 times now Excellent game! Very strange ? Werid but @the same time it was oddly good & enjoyable was even kinda long & not kid like easy Great story and art work. Really captured me. Enjoyed revisiting it with different choices to see outcomes. I was looking for something different to play from the standard games available, oh boy did I find it, amazing storyline, and graphics, easy to control and my emotions went all over the place, please make another related storyline, maybe something like a relative wondering where you went, and following a similar path of their own to find you. Well worth the small amount of money paid. Just a 5* game. Great game, although found it tricky to navigate sometimes. the arrows to move don't always show up and it's easy to get stuck due to not realising there's another way to go. also not clear about the moral decisions until afterwards. overall enjoyed it though Very well done, will be looking for more hopefully to come. Refreshingly different, challenging, but not so much so that I give up. I definitely suggest playing this one. A very dark game that has you solving puzzles and making decisions that will affect the ending of your game, and your life! The art seems HR Giger inspired which is amazing and the creatures and characters are very bizarre and unique. Music is also very thematic. Great game. Framerate makes it unplayable, like a slow slideshow.  I uninstalled it about 5 minutes in.  Waste of money. Perfect. This game is great!!! If you loved The Room, this game is on the same level. Please make more like this one. I don't give reviews but this game is amazing! Great story and game play. I give this game a 10 out of 10. Hope you guys make more games like this. 👍👍👍 I really want to play this, but graphic glitches on my Moto M makes it unplayable. Very often screen became filled with artifacts like randomly colored pixels, making it unreadable. Otherwise must be great game and atmosphere, will definitely relate it after bugs are fixed Super just SUPER!!!! Would love more games like Tormentum!!!! Absolutely the best!!!! Absolutely  unlike anyother download game Ive played !  PLEASE  PLEASE  make another! Cant get enought! Outstanding job! Thank you! Love the dark theme, I want more! Worth it 😳 Creepy fun. Dark & brilliant game Thank u Horns up \m/ Excellent game in all levels. Superb kudos to the artists behing the outstanding imagery this game provides. Great graphic and great story. Your choices really do create different outcomes. Took me 4 hours to get both endings. Worth the money. An absolute masterpiece! If you try the demo then buy the game, you have to start it all again from the beginning. STUPID. I don't normally write reviews.  This game is sharp, the puzzles are challenging, and the graphics are the best I have seen on a mobile game.  I loved it.  I wish more mobile games were made like this. I think this is an amazing game. Im always looking for good point and clicks on Android but they are far and few in between. This is definitely one of the better ones I've come across! It has fun, challenging puzzles, the graphics are great, they really make it the dark, gloomy environment it's supposed to be. And it has choices that you make which change the outcome and give it  replayability. Great game! A++!!! Amazing art and design This is a dark game and may be not to everyone's taste I guess.  The Graphic are wonderful and very H.R. Giger influenced I would guess. The Frame rate on my memo pad 10 is at times a little down and the controls a little finicky now and then and for that it's 4 stars, but other than that, I enjoyed this game.   Cheers :-) Good games Stunning.  Gorgeous. Dark. Adventure. Epic. Stilling. One of the best, most creative and thought out games I've ever played as a phone app. I hope for more.... kudos. And I'm critical... Interesting and decent length. Shows a game can be visually interesting without things whizzing around the screen. My main gripes are with the pulsing arrows (often I wasn't aware of the option to move as the arrow wasn't lot while I was looking in that area), and being unaware that some of the puzzle solutions were choices. Some were obvious but others (spider, executioner) I wasn't aware were choices until after the "choice" was made. Absolutely loved it. You can tell the dev put so much work into it. The story, the gameplay, the artwork... simply stunning. I Will buy anything these people put out. It looks beautiful yet it feels dark and twisted. Loved it. Oh and storywise is very interesting even if it's a tad bit short. Very good. Nice horror atmosphere, never frustrating puzzles A nice game with good graphics and sound. The story was also pleasant. Some handholding in the puzzles (easy) and some wooden metadialogue. Otherwise a great game. Recommended! Wonderful i loved it Love it, wish there was more, i love the art and atmosphere. MAKE ANOTHER ONE Absolutely stunning graphics and entertaining game play. Awesome game  for everyone who like point and click games and dark fantasy themed stuff :D  the price is fair  and the game really good Really good game if you like puzzle and strategy games just not worth the price maybe cut the price in half beat the game in like a day was surprised when the game came to an end so soon but story pictures and puzzles are awesome Great artwork, fun puzzles, outstanding storyline.  Well worth purchase. I purchased $4.99. I'll give a better review after playing. Thx. (Error code 495.)The game won't download NEED HELP!!!!!!! plz. Thx Fun puzzles with beautiful graphics.  The story is a bit short but the ending is what really let it down.  For other Samsung Tab S2 users, install Samsung Game Tuner and run it at 75% resolution.  I haven't seen any distortion with that settings. Awesome game! Beautiful game.Really excites the imagination. I love this game, we'll made. Super, point and click puzzle game. Good sound effects, lovely dark graphics. Puzzles are all doable with enough looking around. Highly recommend this game. Feel it is worth the price. This game is superb , the landscapes , very easy controls, ideas! atmosphere,  a game to die for (horribly) Ok so far Best art ever I'm so in love with this game! Well done! Love that I can go back and play the different variations of the game. Awesome Beautiful and wonderfully macabre artwork, and atmospheric music. If you like puzzles and unsettling imagery, this game is for you. Gameplay was glitchy and unresponsive on Nook HD Buy the game Buy it, more than worth the money. Wish they made more games like this. Awesome!  This game made me puzzle out what I should or shouldn't do.  I didn't feel that the puzzles were too difficult.  The story was wonderful and the ending was a surprise. Świetna grafika,lokacje,fabuła... Eh...Polskie najlepsze.Ciut drogo...ale warto.Beksinski i Giger...klimat nie do przebicia...Tylko jeden mały problem... Nie ma możliwości transferu postępu gry pomiędzy urządzeniami...szkoda. Awesome I loved the art and how it challenges you to think in the whole gaming process the decisions you make determine your fate....pick and choose wisely... It is that classic story about good vs. evil, what is right or seems right vs. what is wrong or seems wrong, with many twists riddled throughout the game. Totally worth every penny, and if you like puzzles and logic games too then you'll love this. This game is great I'm really enjoying it worth the download Unbelievable point and click with a storyline...  More please I just paid for this game and there no sound when I click thing please fix it and I give it 5 star. Attempting to play this on a galaxy tab s2 9.7 and as an earlier reviewer stated: there are times when the screen starts out fine and then it artifacts badly and close-ups on items are the worst. Usually zooming back out to the scene then leaves distortion. Again, this seems to be a tab s2 thing because of previous reviews on the same device. Looks like it would be great otherwise. I love the art work the story line everything about this game was exceptional hope to see more games like this from you guys. Nice art. Great game, keep them coming! Love the game, it's like nothing I've played before. It had no hint, cheat sheets, or help. It just you and the game. You are smart than you think you are. (We'll I am at least) this game is the truth! Oh yeah, I went to hell...what's up with that lol. I did everything right. Great game Beautifully illustrated, a good challenge, and atmospheric game play. Can't wait to see what this designer has coming up, I'm happy to buy an app this well made. Good I absolutely loved this game. Best one avail on playstore. Blending nostalgic gameplay (old school point n' click adventure/puzzle games) with modern surreal/horror art and a minimalist yet atmospheric soundtrack, it demands a second play through. I'm off to find a physical copy of this, now...! The graphics are amazing. Just started. Found the puzzles quite challenging. Love this its dark with some really disturbing artwork and some interesting choices to make. Stunning artwork and interesting puzzles WOW, says it all. Beautiful macabre graphics.  Game play was logical . Not for the faint of heart or youngsters. I thoroughly enjoyed the game. No glitches on LGG4. Would like to see more by these devs. Great job ....more please Great game definitely one of the best I ever played well worth the money and time Очень увлекательно. Хорошая графика и очень креативный дизайн сцен. Great Truly unique. It is both frustrating and satisfying at the same time. It is a very dark story, and the graphics reflect that in a truly amazing way. Only reason for 4 stars is because sometimes there were lines across the screen, or the picture was hard to make out. Please please make another. "Deep within their soul anyone knows... [suicide] is a truly shameful solution..." As much as I enjoyed the game up to that point, I find that statement objectionable in the extreme.  You're entitled to your opinion, ignorant though it may be, but keep it out of the game. Great atmosphere amd intreating story. Would love a whole series and more puzzles. Excellent Nice theme and good art. Basic adventure game. I want to give a positive review, but out of the two tablets I have and cellphone, only the cellphone can play this game.   Nexus 6 (phone) Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 (tablet) and Dell Venue 8 7040 (tablet).   On the Nexus 6 it is buttery smooth, but too hard to see the object that you need to interact with. On the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 the game looks fine at first, but almost immediately after starting it I get graphical artifacts all across the screen. Only game I have ever seen this happen on any android device ever (having owned about 10+). As for the Dell Venue 7040 tablet, the game won't run, the cpu gets 80k in the latest AnTuTu, but because the game isn't properly optimized, it barely runs. Like the animations on the start menu won't run.   Overall, I want to like this game, but now it just feels like I wasted $5 on a game that the devs don't care to update for modern devices.   On a side note, I'm running the Android N beta program on my phone, 5.1 on my Dell and 6.0 on my Samsung, this is clearly an issue with optimization and could be fixed with an update.  I deleted my review when trying to edit it. The game barely runs on my 5.1 tablet and glitches on my 6.0 tablet. Do you like the works of H.R Giger artwork? Do you enjoy abstract and disturbing art? Do you like good stories and clever puzzles? If you said yes to any of these then pick this fantastic game up. Part's were reminiscent of hr giger, beautiful. $5 for this masterpiece?   Simply an incredible bargain for an outstanding game. absolutely love this game, hands down the best point and click game on android, and the artwork is breathtaking.PLEASE MAKE MORE, I WILL PAY!!! The artwork was absolutely phenomenal. The story was really good and slightly dark. The puzzles were a bit easy, but the story progression and artwork really made it worth even second of the time I spent in game. Really looking forward to more work from "Oh Nooo'. The puzzles are fantastic, the images are both beautiful and bizarre, and the plot it well written. It was absolutely worth the $4.99. Please, make a sequel. An excellent point and click game indeed. very playable and the artwork? WOWWW!!!!!. Very METAL \m/..\m/ I just completed the game - what a journey that was! Artwork, plot and music were truly incredible. Amazing work guys - you are very talented and thank for for the experience! Hope to see more from these devs! Had a couple puzzles that I couldn't figure out / find hints for. But really cool. Loved this thought provoking game with an interesting storyline. Please make more! If you appreciate amazing artwork a la Boris Vallejo, great concept and stroyline, creepy  immersive worlds mixed with intriguing yet unfrustrating puzzles then Do yourself a favor and get this game! Its worth every damn penny!!! (pun intended) great job, guys!!! I truly appreciate your talent at ohnoo! Game was a 5 star till the update now I can't play the game at all the screen goes black  on the middle of screen once the game gets started after intro.fix this and it will be 5 star again.Thank you, That fixed the problem great 5 star staff also. Really amazing game, very dark and macabre themed. Having the ability to make good or bad choices is great too. Definitely recommend it if you enjoy point n click games, as well as dark creepy stuff. Loved it , fantastic art work , enjoyed this game Play a lot of adventure games. But nothing  like this. It is beautiful, creepy, eerie and genuinely challenging. The graphics are stunning  and the mini games make you really think. Just buy it,see for yourself if this is the kind of game you enjoy you will not be disappointed. A lot of similarities between other adventure games but the theme is totally different and new which was nice. A lot of gore too :) Easily one of the best point and click adventure type games. You should definetly give it a try if you are into dark puzzle type adventure games. The moral choices are definetly a plus too!! Plays really good but still a lil laggy on my Nexus 7 2012 not the devs fault would like to know a better upgrade in tablets for me and my wife. Game reminds me of darkseed kudos Wow ......... what a game wow I just completed it and what a journey it was fantastic illustrations and challenges and puzzles threw out the whole game I was mesmerized 10/10 to the developers can't wait for another release such as this one You guys did a great job making this game! I immediately liked this game when I played the demo. Got it a few minutes afterward Can't wait for teams new projects Not that far in, but deserves the rating for the art. I've just finished the demo and it left me wanting more. Love it! A beautifully designed game, captivating, raw, elegant in its brutality. Judgement....who will watch the watchers? Pure freedom is not choice, but the absence of it. Yet, always the golden rule would prevail....if none it harms, do what ye will. Will....free will, the absence of punishment for the sin of a percieved choice. The absence of choice is freedom... And around and around it goes....like the snake biting its tail. Salute. High quality. Thanks Simply superb! One of the best adventure games I have played. It is the storytelling of H.P.Lovecraft on the art of H.R.Giger. Really Amazing Game, I am Totally Surprised. Super and Fantastic Game, Thank you Developer, Thank you Very Much. Beautiful Feels very H. R. Gieger influenced. A great atmosphere. Casual beauty Beautifully dark I judged it by the cover and the cover is gooooooood! This is deeply inspired stuff. It's basically an awesome tour through an artist's nightmare. The soundtrack is... incredible. Seeing the superdark beautifully grotesque artwork drew me in for the demo, and really enjoying the game sealed the deal to buy the full version. Most importantly, NO greedy in-game purchases, no ads to ruin the atmosphere. You buy it and you get the game, like the old days & how it should be always. Thank you developers, much appreciated best simulator I want my refund I like it Good app but really irritating that I've had to pay for them all twice as they took them down and relisted them Cool is so good because you get all the guns For some reason the free apps are able to emulate flicker flash while you shoot, while I bought all of the full versions and none show the flash flicker option in the settings... Please fix this easy problem, then I'll give the rate to it's fullest thanks! Epic Is there something wrong with my device the free version has flash but the payed doesn't that is total stupidity, not only that even vol 2 is the same thing the free versions are better than the payed. Needs more weapons. Could use more guns Excellent simulations. Still wish that more guns could be added, but not sure if the app is even updated anymore. Good simulation; fun to use. I would recommend this app What happened to the "camera flash shooting?" Cool Awesome app, awesome developer, awesome tech support. Solved compatibility issue with phone in a couple of hours. This is a good game but why do you remove the other games and reupload them I already played for the ww2 one but you removed so now I have to pay agin I Love this app, and the developer responds to questions in a timely manner with the best customer service out of any app I have ever used I can't wait to try out more of his apps Yeah it's cool but gets boring cool good nice Best ever Great Quite a lot of guns, and I'm not really a fan of the minigames, but overall, superb. good I liked it very accurate to real weapons!!! shows in a picture hundreds of guns but in reality theirs only like20 gg I already own the app, why would u pay more? I like the game but now I don't want it an want my refund back☹️:( The company's support team is very helpful one of the best apps ive ever had..and the only app i have or will ever purchase. fantastic graphics and sound, never had a crash, always works each time, every time. no other app comes close. and they stand behind there product. i had a issue with a new phone and google play store, the developers always emailed me back quickly and went out of there way to make sure the issue was resolved. if i could rate higher than 5 star i would. totally recommend this to anyone. great fun. Love it. I love antique weapons I love the game and played it for so long but i think there should be a flintlock pistol Good app but really irritating that I've had to pay for them all twice as they took them down and relisted them Free version allows flash flicker vs the full doesn't... Disappointed I wish they would add more guns once in a while. How do I refund plz tell me It sucks I Love this app, and the developer responds to questions in a timely manner with the best customer service out of any app I have ever used I can't wait to try out more of his apps Yeah algoods It's a very good way to teach people how these historical weapons worked, how they were loaded and shot. The next step then is to get a teacher and try it with their real counterparts. Which is possible in the U.S., but -- regrettably for people outside the U.S. -- not in other countries. But after using this app, you have at least a closer idea about this part of American history. It's great Really great app, but should have more than six guns I love all six guns, wish there was twelve. And it would be great if there was Civil War weaphones. Wish there were more than six guns!!! little bit glitchy Cool with the simulation and Options available... But number of weapons are comparatively less than volume 1... Where advanced weapons are only with vol 2... I wish volume 2 has some bombs too add more guns I love this game. It is really good. I have all of the games made by Original. But they need to make more than 4 games Good app but really irritating that I've had to pay for them all twice as they took them down and relisted them Bad the free one is better or the same Good gun game No flash or smoke effects. Like why remove it from the free version?? Refunded The game is good yet the only problem is that there's not enough weapons like in vol 1 and WWII. What happened to the "flash" feature? It's almost like the real thing. 👨🏻🤜🏻🤛🏾👨🏾 stop racism I Love this app, and the developer responds to questions in a timely manner with the best customer service out of any app I have ever used I can't wait to try out more of his apps 😎😎😎😎😎😎omg😆😆😆😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😱🤑📱📲🎹🐺🐱🐈 Awesome game if you are curious about guns. Very realistic and has a lot of real life guns included. Kinda weird that they'd delist and re-release everything, purging previous reviews and forcing people to pay again just to get the same content. It seems like it might have something to do with the discontinuation of Adobe Flash, but... Still, it's pretty strange and potentially scummy. But hey, at least the apps work now! Seems like they've been broken for most of 2019. Not sure if it's worth paying for everything again, mind. Wow It's a good game. Performs well on my phone and seems pretty realistic. It would be cool if you guys made another game like this, except with tank guns and howitzers and stuff. Great, however costly price for such a small game + on iPhone can get a trial version for free One of the best purchases I ever bought! I like this, but can you add a sniper version of the mosin nagant 1891 This game was my early childhood and its still a good game Do ww1 The game sucks Bought this app twice. My old phone has the 1.5 version, my new phone has the 1.8 version. For some reason the app won't update. I still give this app 4 out of 5 because this is still one of my favorite apps after all these years. I hope they optimize this app for wide screen phones and add more guns. Sadly the company's Facebook page is no longer active. Technically I bought this app 3 times, for my 2 phones and tablet. Add more pistols and rifles of British, Italian, Russia, Japanese etc Full version doesn't have or let me have flicker flash, disappointed Needs more russian and japanese guns. Other than that, this is a really good app This game is good it has a long guns give 5 NICE GAME! Can you make a WW1 version of Weaphones? If you do thanks! Purchased this,noice tho even tho it gets boring Nice guns Great game but wish that they whould put more guns in it Needs more weapons hasn't had any in years. Bich Doesn't have more guns Why am I being charged for these again? I bought them on my old phone. All my other apps I paid for allowed me to download without paying again Awesome!!!! It has great mechanics! Though they should update it more and add more guns I'm very disappointed about that when they advertised more :( 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊☺😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊 great simulator. very reallistic My favourite history is ww2 Just as good as I remember it. This game is so good and as far as I can tell very accurate. I'm no professional historian, but I love to study history in my down time and my personal favorite things to study are technological advances and how they affected warfare. A suggestion if you guys still update this app: I'd love it if you would add more Japanese weapons, perhaps the Type 92 machine gun and something from the Arisaka family of rifles(couldn't choose just one example). Nice It's a awesome app Need to ad a trench gun and more and than ad more Japanese weapons Nice it's great weapons Awesome These apps are the not only the best apps available, most enjoyable, but also have the best customer support. I purchased all four apps almost 2 years ago, and I got a new phone and the developers went out of there way to make sure they fixed the issues I had with reinstalling 2 of the apps previously purchased, now there reinstalled and working fine. So thanks and these apps are the best weapon sim out there Id wish you guy would add more guns that was kinda alot of money to pay for an online game that doesnt have that much gums as I expect its really good and fun but please add more guns. It is great! AND, You better add axis guns not only the allies mostly make sure you add the MG42 You are the best Good Great, needs more guna though Realy good graphics I just wish there were more weapons like mouser c96, fg42, or mg42. good game Will there be more guns coming I Need A Bloody Refund Cause I Don't Need It not enough weapons! can't enable the flasher on my phone. but if your looking for a good gun simulator this is the best. but i know for a fact there are more weapons used in ww2. all the guns are great and I would like for you guys to finally put in the shotgun. Also can you make the MG42 barrel change available? I LOVEEEEEE THIS GAME THE GUNS NAMES amazing game good game nice game but it has to have more guns amazing game!☺ I purchased it I played it for 5 minutes and then i got bored then i asked for a refund but my refund request was cancelled Child not 0 ppm www z Y if you buy this it's gonna make you surprised no joke Fun Great for my 4 yr old Wish there were more levels I have this game on my tablet for my son he loves it. I wish they had more levels for this game, though. I've bought all the Pepi Play games, and they are well worth the money Well it was 😆😁🤭😶😝😛🤣😆👎👎 I yos to have this game this game is wide Neat So ooo baddd Unable to add this to the family library, which means that I have to buy it for my daughter again, just because we use Google Family now. Not going to happen. Doesn't work anymore, my daughter is gutted and I have uninstalled & RE installed twice but it just doesn't work properly anymore, when we click on the doctors bag the items falls on the floor but it can't be seen as it's off the screen & you can't zoom out to click on it or tilt the screen to see it, Little ones really upset she plays this game all the time, think it needs a good update or something for newer phones, I have the LG slim. I really love this. It is perfect for a small child. If I had a small child, I'm sure they'd love this game as much as I do! 🤗 I LOVE it so much Really fun I love it well I am 6 years old so its inappropriate for me My daughter that's 3 loves to play it. Not a waste of money I love all the Pepi apps ✌ My daughter loves this! Wish you could add more activities though. My 2.9yo loves this game and it keeps her busy for a while. Sh always need help brushing the teeth. They need a lot of brushing and shes not that patient. Thanks!!! Bath My little one really enjoys this game. Although she now completes each one very quickly and easily. Love it my little brother loves it to I've bought all the Pepi Play games, and they are well worth the money Seriously?! I paid for this app? It lasted about 5 minutes and my daughter had played the entire thing! Not worth it. Boring, not much to do  The only issue is one of the mini games has thorns in the kids hand and one is really tough to take out because it's so close to the edge of the screen.  It's a really small glitch but overall the game is great; gets us through IKEA no problem. Cute but crashes all the time My 2 year old loves this!! Really like the dental bit as it helped prepare my child for her trip to the dentist! My 3 year old girl loves this game. Please build us more games! Great I can't believe it how do they make it so so so so good. It makes me so so so happy I can't believe yey Pepi apps are great for my 3 year old! Wish there were more! Thanks pepi play awesome and amazing game Great game, my daughter loves it, she has all them Jawns and loves all three of them, I even play it with her sometimes lol or by myself. I'm silly like that lol Great! My son kept shouting  every time he hears/see the pepi play logo/sound...pepi blay! hope you make more games like doctor, tree and bath Super. Aciu Full version Won't open. My kid loves this and all app you folks make kudos to all involved It's fun game and it's fun Its my favorite sister game Love it best game for kiddos I paid for the full version and nothing changed. Very cute graphic and wonderful music I downloaded and paid for the app, but I am unable to play it. It crashes upon starting. My kids like this game so much. Should be free for what you get Graphics are cute, music is great, difficulty of tasks is well balanced. Game is also language-independent. Game quits as soon as the user hits the bottom menu though, losing progress, which is incredibly frustrating for kids and parents alike. It's a nice app, my Kids like playing it, design and drawings are beautiful, Worth the Money... There is no winning or losing. Just basic interactive fun that keep my 5 year old entertained without getting bored. Cute characters and "tasks". Great app! The sounds are just a bit over the top, but the games are great. I like this for my daughter. My daughter loves this game. Well worth it Now thats what im talking bout! You blocked the things my grandchild shouldnt have access to. Thank you.              Wish more games would do this. I've bought all the Pepi Play games, and they are well worth the money Amazing sound, pictures, animation. Rare example i would pay double for tge app. My little ones love this game. Joyful, cute, My daughter love the apps. I've bought my niece all the Pepi Play games, and they are well worth the money. Beautifully designed, the most adorable soundtracks (especially Pepi Tree), and very enjoyable for kids. Extremely professional. Thank you so much! Hope to see more from you soon, so I can keep buying! of android to 5.0 Fantastic!!! This is how i calm my niece :) down Great game super funny music! More please Pepi!! Any way to add to it? Is there a field nearby, a river, etc? Would like to have more...  I love this game so much my little sister always wants to play it This is the one game my 4 year old nephew comes back to time and time again. Definitely a title that stands out above the crowd. The puzzles are unique and the music is (unfortunately for me) very catchy Thanks Wish there was more Brilliant entertainment please bring out more games I have 3 kids, ages 2, 4, & 6 and they all love this game. We actually were told about the app from my sons speech therapist because there are so many different things to talk about and have simple back and forth conversations about. I love this app and hope that you guys develop more like this one. My 3 year old absolutely loves this game. this app deserves 6 stars! my 2.5y old boy loves it. This is easily approachable and educational game for our little ones. And the soundtrack is one of the best I ever heard! Awesome game. My niece loves it!! I bought the full version. My two years old daughter love it! So it decided to get the full version! I got the full version of pepi bath too! Stated that this game is recommended for 3 yr old above ,and my 25month old daughter love this game. With great artwork, my daughter easily understand the concept of this game. The music is so catchy. It keeps my lil busy MORE MORE GAMES PEPI !!! Enjoyable. Nice graphics. No Ads - thanks to the developer, proper paid for nag free software. I wish there were more like this in the app store Best classic solitaire games! I don't like the layout for several games since the last update, not it matters since it always hangs and I have to hard reboot my tablet. I just reformatted my tablet . I've loved this game for years . This new version crashes mid game every time and I freezes the tablet . I have to turn it off to use the tablet again . I have to uninstall until this bug is fixed . Its a gr8 game but... i have two complains... 1. You dont put undo! And if there is an undo, you can only undo one move! And the useless one! 2. By restart i meant tried the last game again! Not to start a new one! My only quibble is that the cards could be larger. Fun games when they work. Unfortunately, after a good start, I now get "Not Responding" nearly every time I play. Uninstalling despite having paid for it. I have so much fun with this game!  So many choices, game works great and support is phenomenal! Tri peaks great game, plus others to learned! Landscape view only, small font on cards, and poor recognition of when I picked up the cards.  Couldn't even get through one game I have always enjoyed playing All In One Solitaire. All in one solitaire I just play Klondike. There was no setting options other than display Piece of crap.  Too bad the play store only allows 15 minutes for refund.  Don't waste your money on this one. Enjoy playing. Love this game, but on my computer, I can undo as many moves as possible, your lucky to even undo one, sometime it does, sometime is does not. Can I get my money back? Good Pozirk make lovely games. Check out also the mahjong game. Needs to make it where you can adjust the size of the cards for bigger phones and tabs...other wise very good  app. Please fix... pretty good Fun way to pass time I love playing this game. Really helps time fly by quickly. Keeps my mind off of my problems . But let down by a poor scoreboard. All my scores disappeared with the last update and now my highest score has gone despite being there 10 minutes ago. Won't play again until fixed. Just checked the scoreboard again and more of my scores have been removed. What is going on? Update: Problem has been sorted out. Well done. Please note that I originally gave this app 4 stars, not 1 and have now increased that to 5 stars. I absolutely love this game. I play it all the time. It would be nice if the premium could have further settings life when opening a game to show (or not show) all the cards being put in the board. I like not having to see every card laid down one at a time, but I know some people like it. Would be nice if cards could also be a little bigger also if some of the games had a link to a demo on YouTube. Also I am having a hard time submitting my score... but great set of games, runs pretty smoothly. :) Excellent. Rusty Lake is my favorite. I can't wait for their next adventure. Loved the art and the eery game play but the ending was lackluster. Challenging, incredible escape room game! Love love love all Rusty Lake games. Ive bought and finished 3 or 4 now and I am just blown away every time. Graphics are nice, I like the story book-esq drawings, puzzles are challenging but not frustrating. Only suggestion I have is for a hint button. Having to go to the walkthrough page and then to youtube is inconvenient and a little annoying. Sometimes i dont want to watch the whole solution and would rather a helpful hint. Other than that, 5/5 solid game. Always LOVE playing your games! Thank you😊 all the rusty lake games brings depression at the beginning but you will feel great after solving all the puzzles I really enjoyed the story in this one. Very nice atmosphere, very well done. Creepy story as always. The puzzles seemed more simple but very enjoyable. Mr Deer's room was for me the best! I love Rusty lake games. I have played all the free games and it's nice to give the people that have created all these incredible games some money! Well done guys! Keep making new ones! Si me decepcionó un poco porque esperaba que fuera como los juegos gratis que tienen. Entiendes un poquitito de la historia pero muy superficial y llegó a ser aburrido ya que hacias lo mismo 5 veces solo que diferentes habitaciones. En mi opinión para ser de paga no es tan bueno, peeero a su favor tiene que te entretienes un rato porque la verdad no tiene grado de dificultad, y sinceramente seguiría comprandolos solo para seguir el hilo de la historia porque me parece interesante y misterioso Brilliant, moody and morbidly clever. I need more asap Twisted and awesome point and click with loads of great play. I could stay in the pigeon room forever just to listen to the music. This was an amazing game and very dark. All the cube escape games are absolutely WONDERFUL. Though, just as something to consider, I'd suggest putting a warning or something in the description, as there are a few things in this game in particular, such as the opium and essential suicide of some of the animals could be very triggering to some. Overall though, the cube escape series is done SO well, and by far my favorite escape game series. Phenomenal experience Exceptional game. The atmosphere was brilliantly creepy. Loved it. Great games. Keeps the brain working while we're all avoiding each other in quarantine! I would give it a 5 if i hadnt spent months doing every acheivment and got secret item and all stars but no basment acess??!! Im like frustrated in a hopefulway that there will be a update soon. :)!!!! I love all these games and am crossing my fingers Creepy. My kind of aesthetic. This was really cool and so much fun! Totally worth the money Another interesting experience! My favorite rooms were Mr. Rabbit and Ms. Pheasant, but all are unique. The puzzle design was good overall; I had to break out pen and paper a few times, but I think that's a plus. Also, it became intuitive where I would find the first ingredient in each recipe from the first couple of nights. That said, finding the tomatoes and especially the blackberries wasn't logical; I never would have clicked anything that many times. Would like a "reset room" option, too. This is a very dark game with very hard themes. The artwork and concept were good, and the music was great. But you pretty much murder everyone, or they commit suicide. Just very dark with no redeeming quality. I love all the cube escape games so much! Played them all at least once. Got my partner on them now and she loves them as well. Great music too! I am addicted to they games 1st games i ever payed for and dont regret it Great game, good puzzle solving, I like the idea of the star rating because you can go over the game and get more stuff to get more stars I love all the rusty lake games, they've created a quirky, intriguing, and well thought-out world. The characters and recurring imagery are consistent without ever being boring. Puzzles are just hard enough that you might not need to view the walkthrough. Please keep making these games! LOVE RUSTY LAKE! My favotmrite ymtype of game. Deep, creepy, quirky... and the puzzles are awesome. I was so confused which is very good yes, but I ended up checking a walkthrough and I did everything that it said but the glass jar on room one wasn't there. I restarted the game, deleted it and redownloaded it but nothing happened. I can't get the butterfly and it won't work. I would like a refund or advice on what I should to to make the glass jar appear. I strongly recomend to all above the age of 13 it is a great game as all of the other rusty lake games. Keep up the good work Edit: If the devs read this could you please tell me an aproxamation of when the seconde one comes out. Thanks!! Very cool, great time killer, great story Excellent Rusty Lake is on a different level when it comes to games that require critical thinking. If you want a challenge that every other person can't pass without looking up the solution, then look no further than the Rusty Lake series of games. I think this is my 3rd play through of Rusty Lake Hotel, and it still gives me a sense of accomplishment when I complete the game. Can't wait until Rusty Lake releases another game. For now, I think I'll re-play all the titles. Extremely funny creatures, interesting game. Thank you Developer! I am a huge Rusty Lake fan. But this game just isn't on par with the others. It felt forced and overly simplified. Most of their games require you to make all kinds of weird connections and clues span different levels. I regret paying for this game since I completed it so quickly. Amazing I LOVE all these games! I've been playing them in order and I can't wait to keep playing! Thanks for making these types of puzzle games! Love this game Amazing The best game ever. Enthralled! Just the same old amazing rusty lake experience, love the company and well done to you for makeing so many spiffing games. Really enjoyed the longer gameplay. Even with a similar format for some chapters, the puzzles made you think and were not at all repetitive. Rusty lake has maintained their Well deserved reputation for excellence in puzzles, story, graphics, and design. Will auto-buy anything they release. Couldn't figure out how to reset a level without having to start game all over again. If you miss an ingredient it's irreversible and to fix that i had to start game all over again. Gave up playing altogether. Giving good stars because i absolutely love all other Rusty Lake games, this one is exception though. Please make more games! Amazing! Would recommend, that's all I'm going to say I came across Rusty Lake by chance. It was a game. Then after playing many...it became a philosophy. Standing ovation to the devs. This is a masterpiece. Indeed! This game, like all other Rusty Lake games, is incredible. The storyline, the artwork, and the puzzles all blend together to complete this masterpeice of a series. The creepy atmosphere and visuals are some of my favorite elements of Rusty Lake's games. This game is well worth the money and I am happy to give to the developers of these wonderful games! Keep up the amazing work! I would definitely recommend this game and all others by Rusty Lake. Would there be anymore games out? I have played every series of your game and i couldn't find any other games like this, i love everything about the game from the graphics, the spooks and the story, really hoping there would be more comingg I just loved the atmosphere. This obsession with black cubes remind me of the work of Julien Coquentin! The most straight forward story from rusty lake. It's fun but, not incredible. I've never spent money on a phone game before, I thought that would be a waste of money... but I'm a huge fan of rusty lake games and knew I had to take advantage of this deal- and I think this one may be my favorite! This was more than worth my 99¢. As always, I couldn't put it down, and it's so complex and masterfully done that I can play it multiple times and still appreciate it. Keep up the great work making the best escape room games out there! I thought I had already reviewed all of Rusty Lake games. I love them. Can't wait for the next one. My favorites are the cube series. Keep on making these awesome games! Really great game, highly recommend it to anyone Really great game. Just that omce u have a step wrong u cannot proceed and have to reset and restart all over again which takes away from the game. U should be able to restart a room so you can replay it not restart the whole damn game. Fabulous game, I love the ingenuity if the puzzles in rusty lake games Played this the second time after two years. Still love it. Great fun but would like a bit more clues as to what you are supposed to do when stuck Great puzzle game but if you want to finish perfectly it can be really frustrating as things have to be done in a certain order. If you miss a step you have to reset the entire game!!!! 😖 If there was an option of resetting to a certain point or save points the game would be perfect. Wohh, the puzzle in this was quite the breeze compared to some Cube Escapes! Nonetheless, I enjoyed it very much, the food looks really good and it makes me wanna cook something haha! Edit: Ooo A Rusty Lake cookbook sounds awesome! It'll be so fun to read :D!! Exceptional I found this to be easier and shorter than their other games. Otherwise, it's great. the curse of the black backhround proceeds to haunt me. My favourite. Fun and grotesque. Love these games! When are you uploading more? Macabre and magical, a truly delightful puzzle. Quirky and fun This is honestly one of my favorite mobile games I've ever played I've played quite a few of the rusty lake games and they're all great! all though the end says to be continued and im not sure which game to play next I like games that continue like mine craft even when you beat the game you can restart and play different unlike this game when you beat it done you know every thing about the game I just don't like those type of games I love all things Rusty Lake. My only problem is that there aren't more games. My appetite is voracious. Got hooked on the free cube escape aps. The games are amazing. The look, the creepy feel, the challenge. Love them. Having played all the free games I wanted more and felt it was only right to support the awesome folk of rusty lake so this was my first purchase. And I RARELY pay for games. I get some of the complaints that it wasn't quite up to par with the rest but still over all a good game. Off the buy the next. Thanks people of rusty lake. I hope you continue to crank them out to meet demand Captivated by all of Rusty Lake. Yeah I'm gonna need y'all to release a fourth title in the rusty lake series. So if y'all could get in that it would be great. Strange dark game, but I enjoyed it, challenging at times It's worth it if you enjoy the cube escape games and rusty lake in general. It has a dark tone to it and it ties into the other games. I m big fan of rusty lake games...too good games...my favorite is paradox 1 and 2.....plz make paradox or the cave type puzzles..love from india I'm giving Rusty Lake the 5 stars. You've always kept me interested. This one was a bit different. I can't put it in words. Maybe this one is for a younger audience. I loved this game! Have enjoyed the whole series from Rusty Lake. So looking forward to more in the future All their games give me a happy nightmare. Really great game with eerie illustrations! Well worth the couple of quid it cost! Amazing just like almost all rusty lake games Love the cute darkness of all Rusty Lakes games! Excellent series of games, the odd tenuous leap of logic is required, sometimes, but still utterly engrossing. I've been binging the cube escape series and absolutely loving them but my game just froze and crashed after I gave the cook the ingredients for Mrs. Pheasant. I closed out of the game and restarted it but now its saying I have 3 stars for the pheasant dish but that I haven't brought any meat and so wont let me go into the next night. Highly frustrating. I'm going to restart the entire game and hope it doesnt freeze or glitch here again. Played it for a little bit and then the whole screen went black and I couldn't do anything else with it. Just amazingly awesome! enough said! I binged the free Rusty games and they are all 5/5. But when it comes to the paid games (I purchased this and Paradise), they felt subpar in content/quality compared to the free ones. Not sure why the dip in satisfaction (maybe I expected more with the need to pay), but I will still purchase the other two Rusty Lake games and support the company for development of new content. Love this game and love all the rusty lake timeline and games ☺ Very fun and challenging. I used to play all other games, and I loved it, and it was the first time when I bought a game. Unfortunately the background is totally black. And I can't finish the game, because it should be black cubes to push (I ve checked the video), but I don't see them... Kind of disappointed I really love the game! What do I do with the secret code? Shocking the chicken is disturbingly satisfying 🤐 Great game. I played it again as soon as i finished it. Worth all the cents I paid for it. If u like quirky games and good ole point n click adventure games, well you needs ya play this MFer immediately. After that, enjoy the slew of freebie cube escape titles Frustrating. I have loved the other rusty lake games I've played but this one left me cold. For me the story made no sense in the order it played out. I couldn't find half the ingredients despite clicking on everything multiple times. Had to watch the walkthroughs repeatedly. Uninstalled after completing two rooms and I am usually very persistent. Tbh I find this rather easier than the cube series. I stumbled upon some puzzle too but not as much as the cube series. The clues are more straightforward here except for the hidden achievement ofc. Also I think its okay if people didnt play this, its not really related to the real case, and didnt truly have a story to tell. But yeah you will still get a little hint of how RL works tho. Weakest in the series. Puzzles are similar, some - identical. I liked other Rusty Lakes more than this one. So disappointed. I have played all the free cube escape games and they really were far far better than this. I feel like I wasted the money for such a short pretty boring game. The others are so much better and free I never spend money in games, but I have loved Rusty Lake's whole series, so had to check this one out, and it did not disappoint! Eek! I want to give it 5 stars, but I ran into the problem with the black background again >_< I can't find an option to change graphics in the menu... any other solutions? I do really want to play! Rusty Lake games are my absolute favorite of any mobile game I've ever played - and that's a *lot*! Worst game ever Love these games. I just finished with all the stars, but I can't find where my code is supposed to go. Kinda frustrating. Paid for this game and there seems to be giant glitch. A comet passed by the window and suddenly everything turned black and I cannot do anything. Disappointing. i must RetUrn. My memorieS are losT. I Yearn for reLease..sAve me...maKE me see..InSide....amazing.!! Nice story and easy to put down and pick up again Enjoy the whole series. My only frustration is being sent back to the beginning no matter how far I've progressed. It's good, but I wish there was a way to reply rooms without resetting the game and starting over. Really love this game however, on my phone the background is black and I can't change the graphics quality, like suggested Ended with a to be continued and I didn't even get to use my five room keys?! Seems unfinished. Really fun and interesting. Definitely not easy but not too hard to figure out either I feel like serial killer after playing this game. It was great as usual and has very innovative puzzles to solve. I'm hooked! Brilliant puzzles and grim story! This is one is great, I'm still trying to figure out how to get full stars. Mr. Boar though... 😆😬 I am fine paying for a game that I can't figure out the first try. Love it! I've played this game before in a pirated version, and I am generally such a big fan of the franchise that I decided to purchase it to support the creative team! However, I encountered an issue with the background being entirely black... Edit: I don't see the option to lower the graphics quality when I access the Options/Settings menu in-game. Just effects, which I have already turned off. Got the black screen issue. Could not move forward unless I reset the game. Frustrating. And I do not like the ads "in the way" of the walkthrough. I know I'm supposed to put the butterfly in the small jar when it's on the window sill. But I can't 😐 Fabulous Although, this is a great game, it is my least favorite among rusty lake games as it many of the puzzles were unclear to me and the game felt too short Rusty Lake just can't make games quickly enough for me!!! I love the added value of collecting ingredients to make the perfect meal. Definitely got multiple play appeal So chill and creepy and fun. Never too easy but also not too frustrating. The best escape game in playstore, no ambigue clue, nice.. Great if you wanna play with a walk through repeatedly and still mess up. 🖤🖤🖤🖤 Riveting. Gut-wrenching. I like this game but I was worked up so I said it was broken but I LOVE this series scariest games ever. fun I enjoyed Hotel, but it is very odd, and there is seemingly little connection with the rest of the series (unless you have played Roots and squint a lot!!). If you like anthropomorphic game animals in fancy dress, murder, dinner, a little intrigue, and Victorian styling, then this is for you. I just didn't find the gameplay as interesting as the others, and the story is a tad repetitive while not really revealing much of interest compared with the other Rusty Lake games. Still good fun though! Usually love rusty lake games. But there seems to be a bug in this one. Mrs Pigeon is not giving the key after eating the corn. Anyway you can look into it and fix it? Can't wait to resume playing again. ' Thank you for all the memories. ' The biggest problem with all the rusty lake games is... that they are so good, so much fun to play, that once finished, no other game satisfies. I've played all rusty lake games... now I have nothing to play. Any other escape style game pales in comparison and is now unplayable. Thanks a lot rusty lake. Fab and morbid game, the hotel reminded us of Oakley Court. Really great puzzles as always Fun enough, ended up downloading all the rusty lake games and completing them, though frustrated at points. Great puzzle game, has easy parts and frustrating parts so you don't get bored I AM ADDICTED TO ALL RUSTY LAKE GAMES, best puzzle games i have ever played. LOOOOVED THE (SHORT) GAME.. This app was my first ever purchase on Gplay. I've played all of the Rusty Lake free games, which made me fall in love with them obsessively, some of the adventures took me 4-5 days to solve. This game was no different - very interesting and keeps you hooked. However, IMO, the game's a little shorter for the price I have paid. I finished it within a day, and it feels like a letdown, that's cos I was wondering expecting lot more puzzles and adventures. Hence 4 stars. Just dark enough & so fun! Much gratitude, dear creators. Please keep making new games!! Fun, challenging and slightly spooky. Best mobile game I have played in quite a while. Well worth the $ I loved it it was a great game you should download it no matter what it costs All of Rusty Lake is phenomenal! I hardly ever buy games, but I've played all of these! They're great. I did get all the stars on this game, and got my secret code. Where do I use it? Times slips past our occupied mind... This game will challenge your deductive reasoning and ability to observe small details. I just started playing this one and the walls of the rooms are black instead of wallpaper. Makes it hard to see key and other black items or the description caption of each inventory item. What do you suggest I do to fix background? GG Fun, Macabre and Stylish Game that provides total immersion into the Storyline with very unusual Puzzles. Looking forward to many more in Series. One of my favourite RL games. I really like the graphics and storyline. I will give 5 stars because come on, it's a Rusty Lake game. But I likes Roots and other games from this series better. Loved it! Short. Worth the $2 honestly....the free games are just as much better. Literally 5 rooms to explore thiugh....it looks like they were learning how to make a game on this one. I love all your games!! Creepy. Awesome. Challenging + Fun! Fantastic Awesome game I'm in love with this game and with Rusty Lake as a whole (both the company and the fictional universe they've created). I highly recommend this and their other games! I love rusty lake's games so much, after playing their free games and them being so good I was curious on how good the gameplay and storyline would be if I played the ones you had to spend money on and they were really fun. You get a lot for your money👏🏽 Jeeeeeezzzzuuuussss! I am so in love with these games. Rusty Lake games have been a great source of brain stimulation during this trying time. Such a cool game. Mysterious with a touch of horror and just difficult enough to keep your interest without much frustration. Definitely feel the Twin Peaks vibe. Loving it! Off to play all of the other Rusty Lake games... The Rusty Lake games are honestly some of the best I've ever played! Loved it! Didnt look up walkthroughs so I didnt get all 3 stars for each dinner. I didnt know how to get all 3 ingredients. However, the game was still fun. I have not played any of the other cube escape games- this is my first encounter with this series and developer. The puzzles were challenging but definitely doable without a walkthrough and there is a replayability factor. The only downside is that it's a little short for my tastes. No microtransactions for secret stages or other nonsense and you aren't timed for anything thank goodness. Definitely a little darker of a plotline than I was expecting. well worth the 1.99 i didnt find it to be too short, and was highly desirable to keep playing! I will replay sometime to get all stars for secret code. where can i find the beans? I'm giving this a low rating for now because I've honestly not even opened the game to try it yet. Immediately after installing, my antivirus app flagged this game as a "low reputation app" without providing any reasoning why. Any idea why this occurred? I love the Rusty Lake games. 😁 These Rusty Lake games are great! Nice graphics on my Android 10 device's. Intellectual and thoughtful gameplay. Walk through videos available if you get stuck. Not really suitable for young children ; along the lines of nursery rhymes that can be macabre & gruesome. Great for families under lockdown. This was my very first time EVER purchasing a phone game. Ive done a couple in app purchases here and there, but never felt justified buying a phone game i couldnt be sure id like. After playing all the free rusty lake games i felt very confident i would like this one too, and i was right! And honestly even if i hadnt liked it i wouldnt of felt cheated because i enjoyed their free games so much they more than earned 2 bucks out of me. Im off to buy Roots next! Such a great game such a great game, the experience of these series keeps me coming back for more <3 Interesting story set-up and challenging puzzles (but not impossible to figure out on your own). Well worth the price. awesome mystery game!!! Exceptional game, just like the rest of this series. This developer never fails to disappoint. Awesome puzzles. Great cast of characters. It's fun to play and the puzzles are challenging and I've yet to experience any glitches and the price is perfectly reasonable considering the quality of the game although I would've like if more animals had voices but it's still a great game. Love all the rusty lake games I really like this but was disappointed with the lack of tips or hints throughout the game...i.e. you're missing something before you water the plant ...0r how to get the additional ingredients...game walk through helped...but wished I had more hints. Also bummed I didn't get to unlock the box in the lobby because I had all the keys but opted to go to the owls room first and missed my opportunity to unlock it. big fan of rusty lake👍👍 So much fun to play. Not too difficult but not too simple. Expected it took longer to be finished though... A wild ride. The puzzles still aren't always very intuitive, but the atmosphere is just so good. Bought and love it. Going to get rest of rusty lakes when finished with cube escape series Purchased the game, like many of the cube games, the background is black and I cannot see the arrows or the walls or what is in my inventory. Very disappointing. I really loved this game, and though I did have to look up a walkthrough to make sure I got all three stars on everything, that's on my end. I'm not the smartest person but these games are so so fun. Definitely worth buying. I can't wait for more games to come out, as I've beaten White doors main story, and have finished all the other games and found a bunch of secrets! Wonderful unrelenting atmosphere!!! Kind of a furry, Twin Peaks with a tiny touch of Lovecraft. Worth the money. Recommending to all my 'odd' friends hehe Just a cheeky, disturbing, artful game. Like spending the weekend at an Agatha Christie bed and breakfast! This one was faster than I expected from a paid one, but I also enjoyed it. I just wish that you could get the optional items for the rabbit without the possibility of goofing up. If I use the knife on the hand first, it never lets me take it back to use for the photo, keeping me from earning 3 stars. I had to reset the game for that, which was a little annoying. Otherwise, it was pretty fun! Fun game! Great game! But what does the secret code for? Average. Amazing as always Maluquice viciante. Os gráficos são muito interessantes e é legal descobrir os enigmas. Really cool game! Very interesting concept. Loved it. Not too easy not too hard. Nicely creepy. Hi guys, I love the rusty lake games but I had had problems with several of your games because the background is completely black, there is not a issue of graphic settings, I think depends of the mobile where you play them. For example, I played "case 23" and "cube scape" before since a Moto G6 and the games run correctly but if you play since a Huawei Y6 the background turns black in these games and in rusty lake hotel too!! I hope this gets fixed, at the moment I requested a refund :( Another fun, creepy, innovative puzzle game from Rusty Lake. Here are is the another couldn't remember. Always enjoy these games from these developers .They are quite different . Enjoyable puzzles I really love this game and the franchise. The puzzles took me some times to solve. Sometimes you have to do some random clicking to get the results, like the deer antlers. All the wallpapers break into pixels. That's a little bit distracting, but other than that a very great, well written game and worth the money! Appreciate the voice acting too. Hope to see more! Much love and support! Tha Background is completely black. Can't see anything. Can't believe I spent money on this. Amazing game... Very creative and make me think so hard. Really appreciate the team for making this kind of quality game What a fantastic experience. This is not a game to play in the dentists waiting room or queuing in the shops. This is a game to play in the quiet of the night, your favourite armchair, with a drink in your hand. Enjoy! I absolutely love this so much. I cant wait to see more of these. Ive played basically all of them. Mr Owls voice is soo nice and relaxing lmao A great game that lasted a good few hours. Took me 2 playthroughs to get every dish as perfect. This series of games are one of my favorites, they're mysterious and challenging without being pretentious, and while still giving you the tools to complete the puzzles on your own. Definitely reccomend all of the rusty lake games x I absolutely love the entire franchise, and it's awesome that you can play many free ones without needing more story to make sense and without paying and if you want you can buy the rest. And this game is really fun and it's cool to see how some characters start I love how the puzzles aren't repetitive and it gets you looking for salutions outside the box. And the spookiness is great! Twin Peaks meets room escape. Fantastic! If you like twin peaks you'll love rusty lake I love Rusty Lake and this is another masterpiece! Amazing atmosphere and genius ideas! Strange as always but really well done. Loved it! My least favourite of the series but still good. Riddles are quite easy and a certain order of serving the guests is required to fully complete the game which I found a bit annoying. Rusty Lake is the best puzzle and mystery game! It is difficult enough to keep you interested but not overly complex that you give up. The characters and storytelling is eccentric and addictive. I've played all of the Rusty Lake games. I need more!!! Everything was perfect except for the fact that if you miss an optional ingredient, there is no way to go back unless you reset and restart the entire game. It would be nice just to reset the level of you missed that optional ingredient. It's tough, but fun. So macabre I think there was a bug in this game... The background was completely black but they supposed to be a pattern wallpaper , I can't see any description , could you guys fix it? or can I claim for refund? I reinstall the game for many times but still the same. I even sent a report email to you guys but no reply... I love Rusty lake series so much, but I feel sad for this experience... I bought this not long ago. I'm proud to say i finished this game without watching the walk through. I'll be coming back to purchase the rest of the games. I'll save the white door for last 😏. Thank you so much rusty lake for the experience! Very entertaining. Interesting how the game develops. Just reccomend you see some walkthroughs because at times you just get something in the day time and it's too late by the time it's night. Besides that great! My 2nd RL game. I've already played twice to try to find ingredients and it's challenging but a lot of fun! Not ridiculously hard, but you do have to think, which just adds to the fun when you finally figure out a puzzle. I'm going to stick to this one until I get 100% before getting the next in the series. LOVE RUSTY LAKE!!!! Good art, clever gameplay, great game overall! Nice and short and can be played in one sitting too. Great game. I really like the atmosphere. I had to play it twice to get all the stars. Great game, highly recommended. In my opinion it's too short, but I have already played it three times. Love Rusty Lake. I love all rusty lake games But I think this one currently has a bug or a glitch The background is all black which makes it difficult to find black keys and I can't grab the key on Mrs. Pigeons plate for some reason Even uninstalling and reinstalling the app doesn't work good app, confusing though. why are there no walkthroughs for the lobby, and neither for mister owl ? I'm glad that I played the best one at the end. I restarted this game like 4 times to get all the stars but was worth it. I love these series and I'm sad that there's no more left to play. I finished the whole series(except for the non free ones besides this) in a day! The best rusty lake game I've played yet Loved the previous games in the series. This one took a massive step backwards by having missable items and the inability to retrieve them without restarting the ENTIRE game (not just reloading to the previous room). Would have rated much higher if it wasn't for this glaring issue. Another fantastic game from the rusty lake team. A little different but slowly ties into the larger story. Amazing sorry to be rude i thought there was going to be more levels I'm hooked on Rusty Lake. So much fun! Game is very good but too short for a paid one A masterpiece! This game is fun, eerie and intriguing. I've played through several times Excellent I cannot understand why so many people did not like Hotel as much as the previous games. I am not sure if it was canon or not but, I really enjoyed it. It was fun figuring out which room to go to in which order. The characters and their scenarios were interesting. I olayed it twice bc I missed a couole if things the first time. My only question is, what does the effects settung do? Creepy, good art I really like the game but I was bummed when I got to the end. It says to be continued. It just leaves you hanging. Love it, interesting story and challenging puzzle, but the game is bit short, take only few hours to finish The game isn't very difficult,however I like its atmosphere. Depressive as always. What I dislike it for,are those ingredients for the recipes I never found after all. Some I did,but some I didn't... A part of this game puzzle remains unplayed It's good, puzzles aren't challenging, really like the graphics. I had to restart levels many times and the game froze. If there is an update with fixes I might play again. All of the Rusty Lake games are terrific, and Rusty Lake Hotel is no exception. I love them all! They're all morbid and eerie and very unusual point-and-click escape games, and each tells a little bit of the story of Rusty Lake. The more you play the more you find out and the more it makes sense. Keep up the good work, devs! I have some problems with my game, the background is completely black instead of the pattern of the wallpaper. This makes the description of my items invisible as well as hiding some items on the screen (the black key in room 1 for example) is this a bug or only in my game? I have reinstalled and restarted the game a couple of times but the problem stays the same. I payed for this game so that's a bummer.. I usually really enjoy rusty Lake games so I hope this gets fixed or I get a refund. Quick game. Finished in just over an hour. Point and click games cost very little to develop so it expected more content for the price. Definitely overpriced for such a short game Just amazing! Love rusty lake games 👍 Took me 7 tries to complete the full storyline. Loved it ♥️... Never played a game like this on my phone. Game changer!! Amazing game. Breathtaking. My favorite forever. I love cube escape series. Rusty lake forever 😍🖤 Update: oh God yes I have and I've loved them all 😍🥰 counting down days for the release of The White Door 😁😁😁 I really enjoyed this. It's a nice little creepy game that is a little challenging but super fun. Meh One of the best, most smooth games I've ever played on Android. Has an engaging story So fun! I love the weird storyline As always, a wonderful game from this studio, but it was so short! I can't wait for more from this series, it's so weird and good I'm surprised that one of the few paid games from Rusty Lake is so short, but after playing their free games so many times I feel like I've got my money's worth. Plus, I played it through twice all the way to the end (not counting multiple resets because I forgot things or did them in the wrong order). Bizarre, fun and challenging like all RL games. Nowhere near their strangest though, and that's saying something. Bought it on sale 99¢+tax8¢=$1.07. Finished less than 2hrs. Some puzzle has no clue(s), just like in real-life. Superb visual for mobile | Superb voice over for mobile | Zero bugs. It has MANY PERMANENT MISSABLES ITEMS; had to start over due to this. There is a difference between Replay and Start Over. ZERO REPLAYABILITY. Overall it's a fun little game, I'm enjoying all the Rusty Lake games. Only 4 stars because there's no way to restart just a chapter. If you mess up one tiny thing in a chapter you have to start the whole game again and it gets really frustrating. The best game I have ever played!!!!♥️😍 The cartoon graphics are just okay, but the overall game is good. Missing an opportunity to buy White Door with a Black Friday discount: the Android version is still “coming soon” :(( Waiting im-pay-sshhhhhhent-ly… Totally out of the CUBE AWESOME!!! Awesome game!!! This is the first one I bought cos I'm playing then in an order suggested online but well worth paying for! Great game. Puzzles are challenging. Controls are good, but sometimes you just got to keep tapping away, but nothing that stops you too long. I am downloading Roots as I write this. Looking forward to it! Excellent puzzle game Of course awesome. But extremely short for a paid app. Just to be honest, was about an hour of dope. But really great like the rest. Wouldn't pay for another installment this short. Its amazing!!!! Don't like it. Doesn't make sense. Keep tapping on all the items and nothing happens-over and over again. Nice. Better than 99% of games out there Maybe this is unfair, but I expected more from a paid game. Not that the game was bad, but I feel like the other titles from the company that were free we're better. There was certainly more content, but I don't think it felt as polished. Still a great play through. Another excellent Rusty Lake game! I don't like that once you miss an ingredient there is option to get it again unless you reset the game. Wonderful escape game. After finishing all the free cube escape games I couldn't resist getting this. Unfortunately it seemed even shorter than the free games, but for the price it's worth them all. Will probably go on to purchase the other two available games because I still want more! Great characters, interesting story and puzzles, FANTASTIC atmosphere!! I got my secret code, but I'm not sure what to do with it... Mostly very good, but it's really frustrating that if you don't get 3 stars on a meal, you have to start a new game and do everything else over (and watch the unskippable intro cutscene) to try again. Anyone playing this for the first time should play through the game once without restarting, then replay to get all the stars (I'd use a walkthrough, because some ingredients are missable). I love the puzzles and the game play, but I find it super annoying that I can't save the game room by room, so that if I don't find an ingredient, I can just do that room again. Why do you have to reset the entire game and do everything all over again? pretty much played all of your games. such a twin peaks feel . awesome. I love all the Rusty Lake Cube Escape games. The quality of this game shows in logic, challenge, mystery, etc. I recommend to those who like solving puzzles and creepy mysteries I like basically every aspect of the game- from gameplay to storyline. I really like the dark and mysterious atmosphere of the game. In fact, it is the feature that makes Rust Lake series a unique one. You barely know what's going on and leaves you hungry to find out. Deserving of the 5star rate. A must buy for the lovers of this genre. Love them all! Great game Hay vc It's a great game but sucks that this one which I paid for was easier than all the free ones.. Solved this one really fast comparing to the free cube escapes Great story, not too difficult, but tricky enough to really get you think outside the box. Nice Great game but next time can you add the option to go back to a room you already completed and be able to do it better, otherwise great game and I'm saving up to get the rest in the series, ♥️♥️♥️. Ahhhhh... Rusty Lake games...LEGENDARY!!!! You need to add somthing like room reset level ! I love the graphics and eccentricity of this game. The play is deceptively simple, but challenging. I really enjoy the unique creativity of the game developers. This was really fun liked the app very much I wish I knew how to get the white beans and potatoes. 🤔 I have loved all the rusty lake games and the is great like the rest I love rusty lake games! There so fun and i love figuring everything out!! Another delightfully macabre offering. I also am quite impressed with the music; it adds just the right touch of atmosphere without being obtrusive. The one change I would suggest is to let users know that some puzzles can't be solved unless effects are turned on. I chased my tail for about an hour trying to get the tabasco and failing before I discovered the effects thing. Too short and easy. Of all the rusty lake/cube games, this was my least favourite. I find it frustrating that you can miss something, and not go back and redo it. I finished the game before using all of the room keys on the box by the lift, so I've no idea what that does, and I'm not replaying the entire game to do it! And hard to tell if missing ingredients in the current room or have to get them before going in. Still a nice game, and I do love the entire set of games. Looking forward to the next one! Love all rusty lake games!! Love these games! Amazing, i love it. Graphics are entertaining, the game is challenging, and they all tie together in a way, but not dependant on each other Awesome game Quite happy to pay so as not to have sodding ads every 30 seconds like other games. Brilliant little game too. very immersive challenging game and fun story. loved it!!! i really like it !!! but what game is after this one ?? Great value for money. The games are so quirky, differing degrees of difficulty and everyone is different...cant recommend highly enough! thanks so much for the beautful art! it feels like so much thought has been put into the mood of these games. so unique! also easy to play and satisfying Dark game for mature peoole So much fun I love this game！ i love it Fantastic series following on from Cube Escape. Throughly enjoyed the simple point click mechanics. i need more rusty lake games! where are they?! One of the best "escape" games I have ever found! All other games associated with Rusty Lake are are high quality, extremely entertaining, have wonderful story and the perfect amount of unexpected surprises. I am in love! Keep up the great work guys!!!! A Puzzle Game By Rusty Lake is always Good meow Very intersting game but very very small. Took about 2 hours to 100% the first time around, takes about 15 minutes now I know what to do. Figuring out the room order is a nifty touch, but it would've been better if the game made the order less obvious. The art style and gameplay is what you would expect from these devs - couldn't ask for more really. Worth every penny and even if it wasn't, then their free games make this worth paying for. Great game. Requires some repetitions to get the perfect dinners. But, overall, it's a great experience. Just plain brilliant. More lovable insanity from Rusty Lake. I had a lot of fun playing this game. the overall idea is good. some rooms were easy to solve, others almost required more thinking. definitely entertaining and worth the money. game left me a bit confused, but the whole plot of the series doesn't really make sense to me anyway tbh. Loved Paradise and Roots on PC and was happy to buy Hotel on mobile, this is the perfect kind of puzzle game for a hand held device. Rusty Lake offers a mysterious and Dark universe. with hotel you get a set of 5 puzzles, don't look for the answers you can do it, just use the dark side of your imagination. Love the nice and simple art style everything is clean and clear. I'm a fan of the rusty lake series and will follow the work of the Dev team! Great Game and good work! It's a very short game. I was able to beat it well within the timeframe given for automatic refunds. Not that I did that. I really enjoyed this one, which I played after the complete cube free series. Very well done guys @rustylake!!! Keep going please :) I'm obsessed with every cube escape game. Rusty Lake did it again. This time with replayability. Puzzles, mysteries, gameplay, storytelling, rusty lake is the master of them all. Possibly one of the best series of puzzle games ever Best in the series so far. please make more of these types of games. they are so much fun! best games ever! Creepy fun, hard but not so difficult that you need a walkthru, some boring areas like the bore boar, hence 4 stars along with having to reset 2x from going into the wrong room and missing the wine glass. Some puzzles can be done without the clues, just by playing around with them. I will admit it took me a few minutes to get past the unwell feeling of realizing I had to kill everyone. Kudos to the sick minds who created this interesting game. Side note, no glitches on a Trek 2 tablet. my favorite Rusty Lake, bar none It could be longer but nevertheless i love it. The graphics are really good and the story is really creative! You are the new employee of this eerie hotel and you must find a way to make dinner each night... by killing the guests one by one and serving them up to the rest Great point & click linchean game, the cryptic narrative may not be for everyone but the nice artstyle and fun puzzles could be amaizing, probably the best game ive played!! Definitely worth the hole £1.69! wow this is beyond creepy and is full of brain teasers....if you like dark brain teasers that will have you brain storming. Because, the game is gettibg bored. Change the sequence and make more guests... Like, The Pelican, The Peacock... brilliant game, as are the rest of Rusty Lake games... more please As always, a teuly superb game. Thank you, Rusty Lake, for making the BEST.GAMES.EVER. Amazing series i like rusty lake a lot, played all of their free games available at least twice. This is the first game I ever purchase, I thought paid games must be worth the price because the free ones were so awesome. Somehow its a little dissapointing to me. The game was too short, and much easier compared to others. Anyway, the graphics were good as always. Splendid! Amazing as always!! ive never loved a series of games more. Good mystery/puzzle game. I've played every Rusty lake game that has come out so far, but this was the one the got me into the series. I highly recommend all of them. i LOVE the series. i have completed them all and eagerly awaiting another!!!! please!!!!! its been too long ❤️❤️ I didn't want to use the walkthrough, but I didn't know what to do anymore. I looked at the walkthrough only to find out the game glitched and some items didn't appear. It's a shame, since I've played every Cube Escape game without having any glitches. So for a paid game to glitch is upsetting. It was also annoying that you couldn't play certain sections, instead having to play the whole game again if you made a mistake. Frustrating if you're a completionist. Otherwise, it'd be a stellar game. It's a good game, but I don't like that I can't leave a room after entering the wrong one. I don't want to restart halfway in. It is a nice mystery puzzle game and u like story ممتعة do not like not being able to redo a particular section to collect all the ingredients. I love your games. So weird and wonderful at the same time. I received a Secret Code for getting all of the stars, but what do I do with it? please continue to make more of these types of games. Thank you you so much. Good time killer in noir traditions. usually i'm reluctant to buy games online, but the rusty lake games are incredible, and i'm happy to support their creators. amazing, intriguing storyline, beautiful animation, logic puzzles that really make you think, i'm in love with rusty lake hotel and all the other games as well. entered mr rabbits room and already arranged the cards based on each picture in frame, but still can not get the key! already closed the game then got back again, but the key was not there! until tried to reset the game and played again, but still could not get the 3rd key. Don't know what to do.. I really like cube escape series!!! the best Macabre fun! The strangest one yet. Some anthropomorphic guests arrive at a hotel. I won't say what is for dinner during thier stay but as with all Rusty Lake games its bizzare, surreal, shocking but makes for a very different and intriguing gaming experience. Roll on the next one... Loved it!!! I'm addicted to your series! What should I do with the code I got for the stars ?? Huge fun Took 2 hours to finish the game without achieving all 3 stars, then an additional 2 hours to complete the game perfectly! Time well spent. you know your game is too much when you include the walkthrough. .... I regret buying 2 editions at the same time. Brilliant game if you love solving clues and are an escape room fan but beware it's so addictive! A graphically beautiful point&click game, set in an eerie universe. Intriguing story and a good mix of simpler and trickier quests and mysteries. Great music! Sound effects are sometimes a bit sharp for my ears... but they definitely make me jump sometimes, which I'm guessing is the intention. :) Thanks! It is so good that you get the sensation that it's too short, but I really enjoyed!! Love it! vvvv I expected better for a paid game. This might be the first paid game I purchase, big fan although I really hate not knowing what the hell is going on. I wish the story was more clear and easier to follow. Nice, exceeded the expectations I had after completing the free rusty lake series. Very um macabre but well worth playing. Kind of enjoyed it. Loved how the mythos tied into the series. Loved playing Harvey again! While I'm not usually up for murdering people personally, Mrs. Pigeon had it coming, ("Why are you planning to electrocute this baby, Lady?!?"). BUT making that feces sandwich over and over felt much less like classy horror and more like punishment. What did I do to deserve this Rusty Lake developers?! I've had 3 babies in diapers at 1 time! I'm not squeamish! But this did me in. Taking a break from "Rest and Relaxation". dopest game ever AMAZING strange and fun I love rusty lake games they are the ultimate in gaming experience.The only shame is that they spend so much time making the games unique and excellent they don't produce many in a year.When there's a new game out it's like Christmas.Here's to the next amazing installment. too short game for 140. The story is incomplete. Highly dissatisfied . I want Refund. At least give us the second part free Awesome Short but very sweet, also creepy. I enjoyed very much, especially the algebraic formula in mrs pigeon's room, s* sandwich for Mr boar, and Judy and Punches reference, "that's how you do it!" Was a bit short. Shorter than many of their free games. Also, it's the only one so far where you can mess up the order and be unable to backtrack. It was okay, but doesn't tempt me to spend more money on the others. Was hoping for more from a premium game. Great game. Graphics not as good as some others, but good puzzles. Interesting game. Would be better if I was allowed to hold my phone in the landscape orientation that I want. Should be a feature that doesn't need to be asked for. Free games have this already built in. Updated to 3 stars. Response from the developer is a good sign that they know and undersrand whats going on and sounds like they want to fix it. Have played everything from The Lake to the Theatre since Friday. Now bought the 3 premium versions right away to extend this experience as long as possible. So freakin happy that I learned about this series. Thanks guys, and shout out to John Wolfe! Quick game, but fun! The best game ever. fantastic good game play, but quite short. I tried getting all the stars three effing times! First time couldn't find the white wine cause it didn't appear after I killed the pigeon. Second time the third optional ingredient went missing after I already killed the animal so I couldn't go back in to the room. THIRD time once again wine wasn't there after killing the pigeon! Now I don't want to play these games! I'm so irritated! I'm killing the poor animals 😭😭😭 my favorite . I have all Rusty Lake games We are eagerly waiting for new chapters. I don't often buy games on multiple platforms, but dear God do I love the Rusty Lake/Cube Escape series. Being able to have them on my computer was awesome, but being able to carry the games around in my pocket through my phone?? Perfect. I can't wait for more games to come out, but until then... I will just keep on making memories again and again in the hotel, the roots, and in paradise. thank you for making this game. very good. not too hard Superb as all the rest in the series. Love how this one begins to tie everything all together (albeit with a great deal of uncertainty about what it all means), and then once you've moved on to the next one (Cube Escape: Birthday) things finally begin to click in your head (at least for me). It's ALL tied together, and the events which took place at the Hotel seem to be right at the very heart of everything. Amazing game Top game. Enthralling 👌 Very enjoyable :) amazing great experience Being familiar with most of the other Cube Paradox installments, I felt this one was a bit unchallenging. Still, that said, great graphics and excellent flow to the game, as morbid as they come. Will probably end up buying all of them since, even at their worst, they remain true to the bar they set very high for themselves. Keep up the good work! Best game of its kind. Its very dark but a great game that keeps you wanting to play more. Its the first time I have paid for a game but so well worth it! Amazing. This is the first game I've ever paid for and the developers totally deserve it. The entire series is gold, super addictive and the weird backstory is creepy and awesome and I just keep wanting to play more to figure out the mystery. The Rusty Lake series is BY FAR the BEST, most intriguing/ challenging games I have EVER played! I've completed EVERY single one of y'all's games & loved every minute of it!! Except this one says, "To be continued..." Do you guys know when there will be more, or any new games? 💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟 i love these games!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This game is gory, intriguing, and weird. The gameplay itself is simple, but the plot will throw you for a loop. The puzzles are intriguing, and the characters are interesting. This game is just one from a great series. There are a some hidden puzzles in the game that can only be completed by playing the game multiple times, which can be frustrating. But they don't affect the overall plot. I highly recommend this game if you like puzzles, and a good murder. Is the animal torture really necessary? the only thing that I have to say that annoys me is that when I go into the wrong room I have to reset the whole game excellente excellente excellente Ha, brilliant. Puzzles were great and had me scratching my head a few times. Macabre and atmospheric. rusty lake games are never a dissapointment. love them Another fantastic game in a awesome series. super entertaining and definitely reccomend. I liked how there was 2 optional things to get for the meals and would get 3 stars for the meals Loved this episode! The story begins to get a little clearer (but remains deliciously creepy) The Rusty lake games are the best! If you're confused about what's going on, I would recommend playing all of the cube escape games! (they're free, with the exception of part two of Paradox). If you look up the best order to play them in, it can really help with comprehension! You might have to play them a few times though. It's worth it though! Also this game itself is a bit of a spinoff from the story, but it's one of my favorites! Always love spending time with Mr. Crow and Mr. Owl. puzzles too hard I must admit that I'm a bit dissapointed because this one is pretty short. But I bought it when it was on discount. So I think its still good game. I found these games to be unusual... I LOVE unusual! I have played ATLEAST 5 of the games. I do not regret paying for the ones that cost money. I will be watching this developer closely and with antici.........pation! Cant wait to discover more of Rusty Lake!! so much fun please release the next games soon coz I only have one left now :( I love this game! awesome .... more please love these kind of games. Terrific concept and artwork. The puzzles are a nice evolution of the classic Rusty Lake work, however some are just red herrings (tomatoes and the blackberries especially). Definitely a worthwhile purchase, still! Really enjoyed this game! Challenging but not to the point of frustration. I like following the story line and will play more Rusty Lake games. Theme of game not for younger audiences (for teens and above) very addictive love the rusty lake stories please make more. Make it support 18:9 screen ratio I started out trying the escape cube paradox. these are most challenging escape games that ive played. excellent games. Love love love this game and the entire Rusty Lake series! It is fun, challenging, and oh so weird! The movie really reflects the feel of the game. I was astounded by how messed up this game was. 5 ⭐ so creepy but amazing to play if you love a good mystery <3 👌 👌 👌 missing a star is way too frustrating... especially when you reset to collect one you missed... but then mistakenly do something that costs you one again... and have to reset again... super annoying. It will likely be enough to keep me away from the rest of the series even though I otherwise like the game I'm hating on humans right now. This game is perfect for my mood, lol. A fantastic puzzle game. Atmospheric, morbid and quite grotesque in parts. Worth every penny. Another intriguing chapter. Of course there's always something unsettling about the storylines... Nice to see the stories moving beyond a room. Great game, takes a while to get the hang of it. I had to look up how to do some of it. Very enjoyable. Engaging and interesting game. Bizarre story keeps you wanting to play. Awesome game One of the best on the Rusty lake saga. WORTH THE FEW BUCKS. Loved this game, just like all the other ones! I love how much longer it is.. Props to the creators of this game. I hope all of you become very successful off of this, ypu deserve it. I'll be spreading the word of what a great series this is Shorter than the other paid apps in this series, but still lots of fun. Wish it had more rooms. Love these games! :) Very good I really liked this game but I wish there was an option to restart the day. You forget to get one item and you have to restart the whole game. Not their best adventure but still fascinating. The main puzzles are not hard, but the whole mechanisms takes a bit to get into (and finding the optional ingredients is a bit frustrating). Moreover, in order to get the three stars recipes you have to play each room multiple times, and this accounts for a certain repeativity. Decent escape game. Some of RL free titles are more difficult. Another brilliant game from rusty lake! Love it! Addictive. You can get a lot of hours out of this one. Very clever and interesting gameplay. Love the art style. Finished playing Roots and picked this up. It wasn't as polished as Roots, but still just as challenging and beautiful! Fun game AWESOME GAME, LOOKING FORWARD TO THE OTHERS Brilliant game. Very enjoyable. Best games I've ever played. First app I've ever paid for. Love. Rusty lake games are the best escape the room games I've ever played! Great job developers! Spooky....worth it!! Meh, nice to see old school adventure games. But this is lacking insight, it's fairly procedural. Great fun, love it Well worth the price! I like the replayability of this game! For those wondering about the game order, if you go to the Rusty Lake website and look under the games section, you will find the games in order of release there :) Of the many RL/CE releases, Hotel isn't at the top of my list. But it's still better than the best of what other developers have to offer. I have really loved this series and it's the first time I have bought a phone game. Keep up the good work. Best puzzles game and game series I have yet to play! Bravo! After I got the feel for it I got hooked! I'm on a Rusty Lake binge, now! I can't believe this cost $2.. it's the simplest of them all Nice and creepy puzzle game! Solve the clues to elaborately murder your guests! Puzzles aren't too hard and I usually got stuck on the next step 1-2 times per guest. Addicted to Rusty Lake games. Five puzzles and that's it! You gotta be kidding me! Actually those five puzzles are really well designed, neither hard or easy. Just wish there was a compelling ending, now I gotta play through the whole series! Creepy and surreal... I highly recommend it Immediately obsessed with these games!! Played so many other but the rusty lak3 games have been a favorite! Great game Great game Love Rusty lake games, and this one is very enjoyable... BUT... I was expecting much more for a paid game! There was barely 90 mins of games play and then finished. I expected more :( A nonsensical, ultimately unsatisfying experience, RLH is a reasonably interesting puzzle game that offers itself up as a creepy mystery, and then hits you with a 'TBC' at the end, leaving you wondering what the point was. The reason people are saying they didn't understand it is because there's nothing to understand. Outside of its puzzles, which are themselves often nonsensical, the game is meaningless. A shame, as this could have been something more. Brilliant work. I've played all of the Rusty Lake games and love them! The direction in the latter games helps build on the unusual story and the puzzles are suitably thematic and challenging. Rusty Lake Hotel is an interesting addition and the puzzles are enjoyable, sadly however I do think the inability to replay individual meals is incredibly frustrating so this entry only gets 4 stars. Awesomeness amplified. Hats off to the team at Rusty Lake for creating such brilliant adventures. Love it Great game. Gory and twisted but I'm into that, knew it going in and I loved it. Not too easy, challenging puzzles that with patience, I was able to figure out nearly all (minus two I missed) without any walkthrough. I really enjoy that. What I haven't figured out, I will go back through for, in order to earn the last two stars I need. 👏🌟🌟🌟👏 Not worth paying for. Check out Alice is Dead, a way better game and its free! Awesome game. Thanks Rusty Lake, this is the first game I ever purchased and I don't regret it ! Addicting! Awesome awesome awesome. A must Really enjoyable. Wish it had been longer. As with all the other rusty lake games I've played, this has only one flaw: for some things you get no clue and they're not intuitive. You have to read the developer's mind. Thankfully they have great walkthroughs. Chapeau!!!!!!!!!!!👍 A beautifully eerie game. Challenging at times but very entertaining! I really didnt like this as much as the free cube escape games. Wasnt worth paying for. Awesome addition to the Rusty Lake Series! I have nothing bad to say about this or any other Rusty Lake game. The puzzles are the perfect balance between challenging and fun. The atmosphere and narrative are full-on fantastic. There aren't enough superlatives for these games. They are the only mobile games I've ever paid money for and I would do it all over again. Awesome game as ever... Long over-due purchase and I'm glad I purchased the 3 rusty lake series games...it felt more like a token of appreciation for the FREE cube Escape games you provide.. Keep up the great work... Finished paradox 2 weeks back so curiously looking forward as to how the rusty lake series and cube Escape are intertwined Keep these coming, excellent and fun! I liked the game along with other cube escape games, but i finished game so is there a way i can get a refund? Excellent puzzles and storyline. Beautifully crafted. I have NEVER encountered such an intriguing game and so addictive. You just can't wait to see what will happen next!!! MANNN!!! The best game ever. Keep 'um coming!! Worth buying Twisted and challenging All you expect from Rusty Lake, plus an excrement sandwich to feed to a pig. Brain meltingly good. Loved it ! Brilliant as always. Thank you. Love these games!!!!!!! Keep them coming. Only a genius can make this game! Kudos to the devs Very addictive indeed and awesome storyline that just makes you want more Enjoyed the macabre sensibility, and the puzzles were quite devious. My 2nd Rusty Lake game, but not my last. :-) I adore all the games in the Rusty Lake universe, as well as their meta production of Paradox on YouTube. Well worth the money! These games are a lot of fun. They're short, but fun. Great game - Would have enjoyed more episodes/rooms Nice...i like Smooth gameplay, somewhat challenging puzzles. Took me 3 tries to get all 15 stars. I didn't realize you collected one optional ingredient in the lobby first, that gave you the clue whose room to go to, and then the 2nd optional ingredient was in the room you went to. Some of the in room ingredients were tricky to find. I didn't like that if you missed it there was no option to reclaim it, thus the playing 3 times for a perfect score. However I got my 1.99 worth of play out of it for sure. Great rusty lake game. If you haven't tried the rest, you should!! I dont ever review games, but this was a beautiful, twisted, unpredictable and intelligent expetience. Short, but with replayability for bonus points. I used a walkthrough in places, but everytime I immediately realised it was my own impatience and the answer was reasonable. I'm excited to see more from these makers. Well the game is not as good as rusty lake roots but it's not bad Is that it? Why do the best games end so quickly? One of the best game series, (no, scratch that) the only game series I have ever played on my phone. Extremely interesting and great puzzles. Very strange interesting game A fun strange adventure Not the best rusty lake game I supposed? The storyline was too linear (unlike the cubes series), and it was so annoying that you had to replay everything if you miss one single ingredient. Not the best of the premium games but still a great game nonetheless. Boring if you don't get into it. I honestly don't understand or enjoy it. I prefer Sam & Max. I don't care about these Rusty characters and they aren't really developed so that one would. I just want them to all die. Not what I expected with all the reviews. I think people may be projecting their animal love on the characters and that's how they perceive some sort of tension when there isn't any more than what you bring to the table. It's not dark in so much as just odd and grim. This game would be far better with people instead of animals.. And it wouldn't be popular. So suspend your disbelief and try to get into it. It just doesn't suck me in. Very gross! I thought this game was pretty cool I'm addicted to rusty lake games and I got my mom to play as she loves them. I'm so happy I found these games because I have always been searching for a good puzzle game that actually makes you think for a change. Thanks keep making games This game is another brilliant addition to this amazing series. Puzzles and storytelling matched with perfection. 10/10 This was the first time that I had bought an app EVER. I'm addicted to your games. Absolutely love them! Keep them coming, please :) always loved rusty lake. they did not disappoint Best games Ive ever played Not as entertaining as the previous Cube Escape games... Awesome A worthy entry in the series, though probably only if you start at the beginning and play all the free games that came before. Do so, and you'll soon be addicted to the deepening mystery. Like all previous chapters, Hotel's puzzles obey Rusty Lake logic, with solutions that are justified and legitimate within the universe of the games, but bizarre to the point of non sequitur outside it. I've played the entire series, and I've enjoyed every game. Dark, challenging, visually pleasing... Love it! A great title in the rusty lake series. I recommend buying this one! To slow...sorry. Loved it! Makes me wish I could afford the other two that costs money. Like most, I just wish getting the third ingredient for each guest was easier to figure out, Mr. Boar's being the hardest to figure out naturally. Thank you for the unique experience! I loved the intention of the game overall. This is a definite must play. Only one thing was difficult for my perfectionist brain. Those stars. It would be terrific if, when you missed an optional ingredient, you could replay the room like a chapter instead of having to do a full reset. The puzzles were more challenging than your free apps, which is wonderful, but replaying all of them was just too much for me to do and it left me feeling like I didn't win. You know, because if those stars. This likely has more to do with my own issues, but thought the suggestion might be helpful. Actually I didn't like the game. Free games are a lot better, in my opinion, cuz they have a lot of possibilities when you find a key for example, but in this one and in Roots levels are too short. The game was great!! Need more puzzles .👍 I have absolutely loved all of their games! With all the free games out there I will gladly pay to play these I love the rusty lake series, and this edition did not disappoint! Keep it up team! I've never fan-girled out for a phone game app in my life...well Rusty lake changed all that! I've spent forever trying to find a good gaming app, instead I found an AMAZING one! I love the story lines, the characters, I love the dark sinister tones, the suspense and the clever mind bending puzzles. I could play this all day. Please keep them coming! Nice game, too short Great game with interesting illustration and macabre themes. Bit short for the price but really enjoyed!! Another series of rusty lake that i love, too bad its too short, i want more tho, but this game is very good, its addictive it makes you want to play until you finish it Short but fantastic as always! A great game, overall since the last update, it crashes on startup on my acer chromebook.(either no visuals or no response on clicking) Shame, I was enjoying it a lot. The game is too short! There's some replay value if you messed up and couldnt get perfect star. But wish there could be more puzzles, like the Root. I have only 1 word.. PERFECT😉 My fav out of the rusty lake series Superb graphic and puzzles Great addition to the Rusty Lake series. 😊 Love these games!!! I can't load the game up, as soon as I start it up a message comes up  saying it's not working and it immediately kicks me out of it Great game as usual. Only thing I didn't like is that you have to start all  over once you miss one ingredient, quite boring to redo everything. The  ingredients should be mandatory and not optional. Tough at times, needed help to solve all puzzles, but the whole series is  great. Addicted to Rusty Lake games. Just play them all if you dare. Super well done and fun. Excellent! My favorite series! Awesome game, enjoyed every part and every stories! Dark and fun. Outstanding Mesmerizing, challenging, requires gamers to use brain, non-standard  thinking. Replay it once a year, and it feels like a first time. Great job,  can't wait for next part release. (I wish though, it won't require this  much violence) Amazing graphics. Love the storyline. Doesn't work on Android P There will be blood! I found it to be really challenging, in a good way! Definitely need to  think ahead! After several times through, I got all the stars. Received my  "secret code" and it isn't lost on me that it happens to correlate with the  year these guests visit the hotel...but what I am supposed to do with this  code is lost in me...WHAT DO I DO WITH THE SECRET CODE? Oh, and you should  consider adding a pair of latex gloves to the contents of Mr. Boar's side  drawers....I'd use them! Great game, thank you! Awesome. Bizarre and creepy atmosphere, something like I imagine a Wes Anderson  horror movie. Challenging but not frustrating, a quick play (couple of  hours maybe) but very well worth it. Excellent puzzle game series with a lot of dark twists, very fun and  addictive! I highly recommend the other games in the series! it's dark and amusing at the same time. Apesar de curto, vale a pena cada centavo. Great game!! Loved it. I finally had to look up the blackberries and the  white beans as I went through it all twice with no luck. Still enjoyed it  and all the cube games. One of the best puzzle games I've ever played! Certainly unique! Fun but sometimes bizarre Wish there were more like this. Very worth the money. Super enjoyable. 10/10 Amazing game. Absolutely Worth the money Very nice! Love your games I looooooove Rusty Lake! All of their games are cleverly linked together,  yet you can play any game in any order and not get confused. I like how  dark the games can be but not to the point where they're "disturbing." I've  played every game they have and can't wait for the next one. A lot of the recipes are such a way that I can't find all the ingredients.  Like who would think to look in some of these places for ingredients?? The  walkthroughs are the only way to finish this game, hella pissed Some puzzles were pretty tough but it was a great game totally recommend all rusty lake games ✨💖✨💖✨ Simply put, Rusty Lake games are the ONLY mobile games I have ever paid  for. I simply don't like most other application games, but Rusty Lake just  constantly puts out quality games, from both the story and the puzzles  alike. Hotel was no exeption. If you're not sure if it's for you, try out  the cube escape games, all free and all 10/10. (Well I would say the worst  one is probably still an 8/10) This game is like a more fleshed out and  story driven narrative. Everything connects in a surrealisic and dark tone.  Simply amazing. I'm in love with these games. I played all the free cube escapes then  bought this one. It is the first phone game I've ever purchased. No  regrets. They're all so damn bizarre and fun to figure out. Very well done! This must be my favourite Rusty Lake game. I enjoy finding the ingredients!  :D I replay it every now and then, it is a short and sadistic mini  game🗡️🍖🍽️ Love the cube series but this just wasn't quite as good. Shame as most if  the others are free so was expecting more from this. Frustrating that a  certain order had to be followed to achieve 3 star meals, but with no  obvious was of working that out. Still 10 times better than most puzzle  games though! I LOVE THIS!! It's just amazing... the only thing that bummed me out is  that when I replayed it and got all the stars the ending wasn't that  different Rusty Lake games are always awesome! Surreal and elegant game. A phenomenal game. I adored the art style, the anthropomorphic animals, and  the macabre storyline. It's beautiful and puzzling, yet not too difficult.  I'm excited to find out what happens next. WAY too short. I love the Rusty Lake series however. The game is fun, the  puzzles are a little easier than the other Rusty Lake games... Or maybe I'm  just getting the hang of their puzzle style. I only bought this because I finished all their cube games and I still  can't get enough of them. Too addictive Key 1 won't unlock the cabinet next to the elevator! I tried all key holes  and no success. Am I missing something?!?!? A bit sick and twisted, which I loved. Graphics were amazing. Challenging  puzzles. I'm hooked. My favorite game Everything I've ever wanted in an escape game! I recommend you download ALL  the Cube Escapes from Rusty Lake Amazing So much fun! I love all the Rusty Lake games! Of all the point & click  escape type games, these are always my favorites! Creepy but entertaining. Rusty Lake never fails. Great graphics and story. Fits great with my taste.  Great puzzles, many challenging. The background is black, and I can't play. I absolutely love how well thought out the Rusty Lake franchise is! Has a  dark storyline but is fantastically done! Only bought this because it was on sale but it was money well spent. I had  to use a walkthrough for only one puzzle, but the rest of the puzzles  seemed to be challenging enough. Now to see which Rusty Lake game to  download next.. Played the game few times just to get all stars for the diners and have  full complete. The game it self is amusing and challeging, wanting more no  doubt. Great aesthetic. Creepy cute. Challenging enough to make me think without  making me want to throw my phone across the room. Fun game. Everything about Rusty Lake series are amazing! Just that the game is a bit  short, however I had so much fun playing it. Great dark storyline, very satisfying puzzles. Definitely worth it! I found this to be short considering the price. It is longer than the free  ones but still is a really short game. I did 2 run throughs in as many  hours. The story is logical in progression to and from others in the  series, just to short Love the cube games. Wish they made more. Excellent games. Play all of the a Rusty Lake games. I dare you. These game so greate and excelent. So these game second from first The Cube  right?? So amazing!!! I enjoyed this game immensely! In some areas of the game, I was thoroughly  stumped and had to look at the walkthrough on YouTube, but I'm learning  quickly. Now to go play all the other ones! Great as always from Rusty lake. I love this game Very cool story and i really liked the puzzles and storyline! Beautiful game, worth the money. Good puzzles but short for the cost and with a very two dimensional and limiting narrative. Not as good as the other rusty lake games I've played. Not really worth 1.99 should be longer or should be more involved I just love all of the games that follow this one...or come before it but if you haven't played the other ones I recommend it. 😋👌 The game is great and I love it so much it's complicated and there are a bunch of puzzles I absolutely love this game and all the games from Rusty Lake. They are challenging well drawn and they have real bizarre but cool stories. I want more please! Loved it! Unique game! I love it! Worth any penny! What a wonderfully unique game! Absolutely worth the $2 and honestly I would have paid more. Amazing. Genius! Can't say more than: not banal, right atmosphere and complexity Great escape game. Try it. Great puzzle game, eccentric and macabre but fun bite-size task design. I completed every single game! This one was awesome! I enjoyed it & got all stars! Including cigars! Awesome. I love all the rusty lake games Great, as all rusty lake games, however  some of free ones more interesting Love everything! Not as good as previous Rusty Lake games Absolutely beautiful! I fall more and more in love with these games each one i play! i think my favorite part is you can solve the puzzles out of order to get all the ingredients/stars i even managed to get the cigars and a "secret" message! I'll be trying out the other games later!! Reset the game twice still couldn't get the third key from the frame with cards. Very disappointed. Brilliant. Dark, funny, puzzles aren't so hard that they're frustrating, but clever enough to get you thinking. Loved the series so far, dark, amusing and interesting all at the same time. Awesome. The best mystery style game series available. hope they make it longer (add more guests) sometime This game series is amazing.  I've played all the cube series and I always wondered why the developer wasn't charging money because the games are that good.  I was happy to pay and I hope it continues to fund more unique puzzle games... finding something this interesting and challenging is a rare treasure these days. Ingenuity has gone out the window! My only complaint is that it was a little easy/short comparatively... but maybe I'm just starting to finally figure out the way the developer's mind works...Thanks for a creepy, weird, thoughtful game. these are boring, thin, watery imitations of old flash horror point n click games This game is great.unpredictable Great room escape game. Unique. Amazing games! Already finished all of them except for one. I'm hooked. Rusty Lake games are the best. You won't be able to stop at just one. Morbid, but fun! Just a wrong, murderous string of puzzles. But fun, have no idea why. Liked it. Too much. Indie game awesomeness. Love all rusty lake games Love all rusty lake games, but this was the best one, got stuck quite a few times but that's just because I'm a bit thick Awesome Love this game. The only weakness is ending (cliff hanging) and too easy so i van finished it quick (under 40 minutes) make it longer and more guest so it will worth the money. Overall love it. I love the artsyle and the wricked puzzles. Very unusual story but a great way to make you really think about what you have to do in order to succeed Love this game, it's unique, challenging and freaky and I could play it over and over. The art and sound are lovely, it's full of surprises and is more difficult than you expect. Awesome game.  Mind challenging puzzles and the story behind it makes it alot more interesting . Great details and so much thought what was put in this game .  Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys mind games .  Best game ever Played all of rusty lake series, and yes, it's awesome. Kudos to developers team. And may the series continue. :). I bought the premium one. Superb puzzles, though the inability to understand the best order to enter each room is annoying. Played all the cube escape games. Couldn't believe they were free. So now I'm buying the others. Great job guys you deserve success. This was the first Rusty Lake game I played. Loved it from start to finish. You will want to go back and do it again once you've completed it, but there are so many more in the series, you won't have to! Absolutely outstanding i adore this game. i originally bought it on Steam, and loved it so much that i had to buy it for my phone as well so i could show it to more people. the art, the characters, the gameplay, the gloriously macabre humor, the puzzles, the story... it's all fantastic. my only complaint is that it isn't nearly long enough. i've played the other Rusty Lake games, and this one is my favorite, by far. more like this, please! if you keep making them, i'll keep buying them. absolutely wonderful. Captivating! Not too hard yet challenging. So much fun and charming despite  it being dark. Loved it but I am up past my bedtime now... 又暗黑又刺激。 Love the Rusty Lake series!! These premium games are definitely worth the money. I can't wait to see what happens next! This episode of Rusty Lake Games is extremly incredible!!! Interesting and a little horrifying plot, no bugs or any problems during the game. Keep goin', Rusty! Loved every second of playing this I love cube escape games but after having so much fun with the free ones, I expected more in this one. Plus ghere should be a certain order to pass the rooms and there's no way to know what this order should be and no way to replay the rooms. If I wanted to get all stars on the recipe, I have to check the walkthroughs which was not fun. And some optiknal ingredients were not easy to get and some even impossible if you do smth first (i had to find one ingredient before using a found object or before cooking a dinner). I really want to support the developers but I have to say this one disappointed me after all other brilliant games by these guys. Question to developers: is mr. Owl's voice the same person who did one of the voices in 12 oz mouse? :-D Played all the Rustylake free cube escape games. This one did not dissapoint and it's worth the price. Bit dark though, but eager to see what it all leads to. I know I'm late to the party here, but I only just discovered Rusty Lake and I'm quite sad I hadn't had the pleasure sooner. So well done, every bit of it. It's like Wes Anderson and the creators of Don't Starve decided to make a beautifully weird escape game. It isn't just an enjoyable puzzle experience, it's art. I love every single Rusty Lake game. These games make my heart happy. From the creepiness of the amazing story line to the ingenuity of the gameplay, everything about it is great. I love how out-of-the-box I have to think in order to beat the levels. No other game really challenges the mind and I love that there's a story to figure out and interesting twists and turns at every family member. I'm excited to play more games from you guys!!! (P.s I never write reviews but RL deserves this) absolutely love this game! Beautifully designed, addictive puzzler. Best escape game! All the series is sooo good :) Fantastic game! There are some parts of the game that are just frustrating for the player.  Having to repeat the entire game just to make sure you have accomplished everything in each individual level gets tiring.  It has not held up as well as some of the other entries in the Rusty Lake series.  Buy it if you're a fan, but don't play it otherwise. Hotel is a wonderful start to the series,  I was high key obsessed with the whole Cube series. As always the artwork and soundtrack was beautiful. The puzzles were decently challenging and the storyline, as ever, is trademark quirky and fantastically creepy. Overall guaranteed fun times.   I absolutely love love love! Rusty Lake games ❤ This company has the dopest team of creative people in the indie gaming world. They are straight up killin' it (the "game!") **convoluted praise pun because the games are filled with murder biznizz 😏** Much thank you for the greatness RL. I pray for an eternity of future awesomeness to come. That was a quick game. Dark and well written. This game is shorter than the other free cube series. I have always been a fan of the the Cube Escape series, I played all of them. Then when I saw there was more  I was exited but they were sold at a price, so I was bummed. Once I got enough money though the first game I thought of buying was this and it did not disappoint. Best Mobile Purchase I have ever made. It has the amazing graphics I remember, the confusing and dark story, and the same amazing point-&-click gameplay. I love it and I'm glad it's around. I recently replayed this in anticipation of Rusty Lake Paradise! I love Rusty Lake Hotel and all the other games in the Rusty Lake universe.   The artwork is gorgeous. The story is intriguing and creepy. The puzzles are challenging and I enjoyed them. There were a few I could not get past and had to look up tips for, but that didn't bother me much. I highly recommend this game for people who love escape rooms, puzzles, and creepy things. The game might be upsetting for kids or anyone opposed to violence.  I think this game is worth paying for, but if you're not sure, try one of the free Rusty Lake games first. It is a very nice game. It has very nice story and great graphics. It can be really challenging if you are a beginner, even so they have guides in youtube. I already finished all the free-apps episodes, and I am buying the RustyLakeHotel because I know this is a great product. Absolutely loved this game! It had such a special atmosphere and music. I'd buy all the Rusty Lakes games, they're one of the rare apps I'm actually willing to pay for. I love this game, all of them. Surreal, odd, macabre fun. I did have to use the walk through for a couple of puzzles. Most made sense, but one had no hints that I can find or see in the walkthrough. Other than that, it was clever, odd, and very different from others in the genre that came before it. Intriguing game. Would be nice if their were clues in the game. I was done with this game way too quickly! I feel there should be a bonus round like RL Roots. Otherwise it's a great game! I had a glitch with the background rendering which completely ruined the game for me... Shame because I really enjoyed the other rusty lake game I played... Brilliant series. Thanks Rusty Lake. Waiting for more amazing work from you guys. Entertaining, dark, creepy and subtle humour. Have played the Cube Escape series and both Roots and Hotel. Highly recommended! Although the game wouldn't work on my tablet it did work beautifully on my phone and I won't need a refund (thank you to the devs for offering).  This is a delightful game. Definitely recommended for anybody with an odd sense of humour. Developers: give up all other things in life to create more games. They're all great!! Although not as long or good as rusty lake: roots, I enjoyed this entry to the series and it is slightly longer than the free ones. I had to use a walkthrough a lot more than usual, especially understanding the ingredients. Hated the boar turd sandwich part, just why? One of the best games I've ever played Amazing gameplay and an amazing story! Fantastic work! Game was very hard to figure out. Should have hints. There should be more puzzles to play and hints and how to solve the the other mini games. It was also very hard to find all of the ingredients for the meals. I pressed on everything i could think of and still didnt find all of the ingredients to be able to get 3 stars. The games WAS NOT worth $1.99. I played FREE games that were much better than this. I enjoyed the "story" and how unique everything was compared to many other games i played, that's what made me purchase it to begin with. However, i feel it could've had easier puzzles to solve. I had to search for walkthroughs to be able to get passed certain things. It shouldnt be that hard to figure out without having in-game hints. Please add more mini games in the future. I look forward to your other games. Absolutely lovely game. Great art and sound. I was expecting longer and more complicated game. But still love the series. Keep up! What a unique, quirky, and truly sicko (in a good way!) game. I highly recommend it. Never played before but heard great reviews was worth it Love all the Rusty Lake stuff. So much. Can't wait for more! Paradise is calling my name.... They are simply the best point and click indie games I be come across to..  the animations, story, weird logics, horror keeps you engaged! Great well worth paying for 😊 I love all the rusty lake games their mental! Please make another one...please. I think a lot but I love this game Had issues in the beginning which were resolved relatively quick, making this a 5 star game all the way. Please make more games! This and the cube escape series were will very fun to play.They are very dark and comfuseing but that makes them interesting.Thats why I love them all so much. This game was too short for the price tag. I loved the cube escapes, and this was a less difficult, shorter version of those free games by the same author I get so excited when new games out by this developer, it feels like Christmas (or any holiday where you receive gifts). Thank you Rusty Lake, you have created captivating, beautiful, and dark mobile games. Im obsessed. These games are just brilliant. They're well thought out and executed.  I'm am craving more of these! I love all of the Rusty Lake games. They're unlike an other puzzle games I've played. Awesome game love rusty lake🖤 want more! 😍 One of the best series out there!! Excellent It was a very interesting game The Rusty Lake Games are amazing! Super creepy, challenging, interesting and well drawn. You really have to work to solve the puzzles in each scene and I am ashamed to admit I had to consult online walk throughs more than a few times. If you love creepy, kind of gory themes with logic puzzles I highly recommend this and the Rusty Lake Roots! Keep them coming....please!! Fantastic game David Lynch and Agatha Christie sat down and made a game together It's an amazing puzzle experience. Worth every penny. Fans of the Room series will appreciate this game a lot. Well done devs! More of these games please Amazing! Would love achievements via Google play games, would really increase the replay value of this game. Brilliant!!! Love all the Rusty Lake games, please keep making more! Hotel has a different feel to the others as it's coming from a different angle of the Lake/Cubes story, but anything with Owl, Crow and Harvey keeps the game engaging and mysterious. These puzzles are creepy and the right level of hard. Fantastic story and very tricky puzzles. But game was too short though, only 5 rooms. A great heap well made bargain of a game. About an afternoon's worth of content. Beautiful and interesting! Great game. Love all the rusty lake games!!! Love the game but wish hints were available rather than having to read/ watch a walkthru Enjoyed..Thankyou Immersive dark game Well worth it. Eccentric, quirky and fun, with interesting puzzles. After did all the cube series,  move on to the pay ones... And still got me intrigued. Worth every penny. Onto the next one... 😊 more games please .... Once again, amazing. I can't get enough of Rusty Lake. Delightfully Twisted Not as good as other Rusty Lake games...expected more cube escape series is one of my favs Great best riddle games! Waooo great mind game with a innovative ideas.....happy to play with rusty lake games... Great game. Hecking awesome! As good as the rest of the Cube games. Would definitely buy again. 12/10 Beautifully eerie game, I love this series so much 💗 Awesome game! Make sure you play all the games in order, it's well worth it! Beautiful in dark way... Totally love Great series of games.  Try the free ones first and yes they are free.  If you like them the buy the premium to continue the story! Cube series are best games out there. Can't wait for more from creators. I never purchase any games, but Rusty Lake is an exception for sure. Amazing gameplay and story. Just love playing their games! Enticing story and fun gameplay. I can't wait to further explore the world of Rust Lakes. Worth far more than the modest price and far far more rewarding play than any other game I've played on my phone . Another creepy and fun adventure on Rusty Lake. Worth the purchase. Superb! I got my code what is it for the code I mean ? Could of been a bit longer but all in all a great game. This game and the producers are actully so amazing, I love this game and all the types of games they make. So good I just had to buy the premium ones :) so very creative and i value that. Good job guys! Rusty Lake is the best game series ever! ♡ This game is clever, funny, bizarre, sometimes a little frustrating, always huge fun. Absolutely worth getting. You should play Roots as well, plus all the Cube Escape series. Hands down best escape game yet Love all of your games, this was a nice twist!  Now for Roots! 'Best game My first purchased game ever.. 😎 Worth it,, Still creepy & mysterious.. Wanna know the full story of the lake,, Tingle my curiosity.. 😃 Thank you for the experiences​ from all the Cube Escape,, Guess this least I can do to support & appreciate you guys... Keep it up..!!! 🙆 I've played all of  your games in 3 days ! I bought this one also, I love them so much and I wanna support you. Please keep making awesome puzzle game :) Loved the wacky and morbid nature of this game, I just wish it was longer Love this. So excellent. Dark and theatrical. Great puzzles. Great graphics. Very fun. Very challenging puzzles. Very addictive game. Have reset and started it back over again. Epic game! I lovvvveeee these dark little creepy games!!!! I have  finished all the cube escape game except the cube escape root.  Addictive game.  Love it! The only games I paid for in play store. You are making amazing job here guys, we're waiting for more! Best puzzle game ever Great game!! I'm a huge fan of the Rusty Lake story. All games give such a full experience. I love this game, it really makes you think as you figure out the steps to solve each scene. Looking forward to more from the developers! Normally I'd expect high quality from Rusty Lake, but this time I had to get disappointed. There are graphical glitches, unneccesarily long transition screens, scenes of cruelty and obscenity. The progress is forced, there is no way to revisit missed secrets, you have to start over. On top of it the game is really too short. Sub-standard for RL. Love it! Like every Rusty Lake game, this is another great series. The difficulty to go through each room and complete the minimum requirements is about 2. But to get all stars, the difficulty increased to 4.5 also, it would be very time consuming if you do everything without reading the walkthroughs. There's no reset for the single room, it's for the entire game. So, if you missed one star, you'll have to start over... Having played all the other Cube escape games, i was expecting more from this one, in lenght and in terms of content. Fun and challenging. Always awesome A little repetitive,  but fun and creepy. This was the least fun of all the Rusty Lake games. The puzzles were challenging but it was kind of short. Whereas the other games left you to sort out how it all fit together, the concept of solving one room just made it seem kind of mundabe, like plodding along in Mario Bros on NES. Plus the story line didn't seem to fit into the other games as well. Definitely worth spending the money, if only to support a small franchise that has pumped out consistently amazing games. Fun Amazing😊😊 A great game in the Rusty Lake series but it ended too soon and pretty abruptly. I love the Rusty Lake series, and all its parts. However I would recommend starting with the Cube Series as they are darker, more challenging, (and free). Always happy to recommend these games and support their creators! The art style is classic Rusty Lake and the theme was similar to the other games in the series, but other than that, RL Hotel is a fail. Very basic plot with no depth, no detail in the puzzles (no challenge either! I remember being stumped in some of the other games in the series), graphics not up to their usual standard. Only replayable due to the fact that you get stuck unable to finish all parts of each dinner if you choose to visit the guests in the wrong order. Not worth a dollar. Beautiful artwork. Great voice, sound and music. Cryptic gameplay. Definitely worth the money Ok game. A bit disappointed but ending wrapped it all great. Very nice game for our brain 😊👍👍 This is the best game & escape game I've ever had, and the FIRST game that I buy on play store, and also the first that I write a review for. I've played all of the cube escape series, the surrealistic envoronment of the game is amazing, so whimsical and I likee it very much! I've just buy the rusty lake hotel n roots...haven't played it yet though :D I absolutely love the game but there is a bug and I cant get past the boar room....:( Needs update as background images etc look all pixalated making game unplayable, no problems at all with the other game, only this. Hence only two stars. I love this game and all the others. It's a great game for people who like puzzles and horror(ish) Ratings:-  Rusty Lake Always thinking outside the box! Great game. Great series and ongoing storyline. Atmosfera... I love this series, so I had to play this one too. I was a little disappointed when it said "to be continued" after I solved all the puzzles, but it makes me excited for the next one! :-) Rusty Lake nails another one. Really makes you think. More pkease Slightly creepy but very well thought out series. I love that each installment adds to the overall story. Great puzzles, music and graphics! Keep them coming! Great gameplay and style but I was expecting something better from this (especially a paid version). After loving the free versions from rusty Lake, i expected a real good storyline, however, the story just ended flat. I love this game and all of the cube escape games, it's a bit challenging but the walkthrough is perfect and easy to follow. The best game of all times!  This says pretty much everything. So will done. If you like David Lynch... Faulty. Game screen keeps turning black. I have thoroughly enjoyed every Cube Escape game that the developer has released.  Very dark and mysterious!  I enjoy the challenge that the puzzles give me. Loved it! I can't wait for more! Top notch. I found this game by accident and have been playing it ever since.It is hard to describe to people but I love everything about it,hence the great score it gets.Waiting for the next one to come out,cheers. The game is really addictinf All the rusty lake games are simply incredible all 5 stars 한국어 번역본 없나요? 업뎃좀 Smart puzzles in an interesting story. Not so easy, but the enclosed walk through avoid you getting struck. Loved it. Who loved the cube escapes will love it too Awesome Literally all I can say is that I LOVE Rusty Lake's games, particularly this one and Roots. They're amazing. That is all. Played all free Cube Escape games before Hotel and just about to purchase Roots. Can't have enough of it! Great atmosphere, challenging but solvable puzzles, beautiful images. I recommend this game and all the other Cube Escape games. Kudos for the devs, keep it up! Disappointing.. Fix the glitch with Ms Pheasant & the photographs Creepy fun! Well done like the other Rusty Lake games only longer. Enjoyed it. A creepy yet satisfying game. Most excellent! Clever but rather short. Fantastic ambience in a lynchian way, puzzles not that hard. Весьма неплохо, хотя и хуже некоторых бесплатных игр от этой студии. Очень сильно разочарован тем, что на последней стадии игра сломалась и не даёт пойти далее. Придётся перезапускать. Готов предоставить скриншот. This game is just AMAZING! I have 2 reasons why I purchased this game.   First, because I've completed all the Cube series except ROOT (but will do soon) and I feel honoured to support you guys to continue this superb game story.   Second, I have to. Yes, I'm so astonished by the game I should complete them all and find out the whole story. And guess what? I absolutely have no regret purchasing this.   Oh, and the control is working smoothly (compared with other Cubes like Seasons which lagging quite a lot).   Keep going and thank you for the memories. :') Awesome crazy quest! Good, but unsatisfying. I didn't find most of the hidden objects, and after I'd left each room there was no way back for a second look. There's a Reset button, but I didn't want to repeat the whole game. Just three stars for this. Yet another wonderful game from rusty lake. Can't wait for more... Love all these apps Enjoyable, but not as deep as some of the free Rusty Lake games. Even though it's short but it worth every penny I payed for it &lt;3 Special atmosphere, excellent puzzles. Best android game ever. Having played all of the free Cube games I brought this game to support the developer. I actually finished it in less time than some of the other games and wasn't so sure on the format of working your way through one room at a time but the puzzles are fun and a little different and the game play is seamless and smooth. Keep the games coming Rusty Lake! A game that takes place in a world unlike any other. I highly recommend! Awesome! Love it! Very weird and dark. Also short and sweet. Brings back some old school adventure game memories. Too short.  Finished in under an hour. The best game ever😘😘 Love all the cube games, this was my favourite so far. Think there's one more paid one I have to get, please make more! Determined to get all the stars in this one so will be playing over until I do! I loveee all cube series but this one was soso, nothing strange Excellent point and click adventure! If you enjoy games like Fran Bow or The Room, buy this game! Really one of the best game and graphics in the world. Keep it up Played them all ! First time I pay for a game because it was that good .Im 29 yrs old . Mind bending addictive pulls in like a whirlpool Great And again, I had so much fun. I truly love Rusty Lake games. Crazy, creative and absurd. Sadly, this was the last game I had left to play, I can't wait for your newer ones. I NEED MAH RUSTY FIX!! Nice puzzler in which you get to work for a homicidal crazy person. Very tasteful, though. My only issue, which is a non-issue at that, is with how short this game is in comparison to the other pay-to-play Rusty Lake game.  Love them all though, thank you! Fantastically unsettling. It was disappointing after playing rusty roots. I expected more puzzles, but this was simple and short. I wanted more of a challenge. It is still a good game and I recommend it. I did enjoy it, I would have enjoyed it much more had it been lengthier. Just started this series and trying to play them in order. Just finished this game and even though it took three times to make all five morals perfect I loved it. Only thing stopping me from 5 stars is no idea what to do now I have all the stars, what was the secret receipt. And what was the five keys for? The box don't open they fit in? I love this series! Dark and creepy, artistic and creative. This one is more systematic and a little shorter than some of the others, but another solid entry in the series. If you were high,  this game would make so much sense... loved it I wanted to like it but the first room I entered (mr deer) has a glitch where you can't catch the butterfly if you didn't have the glass when you first opened the curtains. (Yes I checked the walkthrough). Really frustrating to play a puzzle game that is unsolvable. Again fantastic game would give it a 5 if it had have been longer Take my money!!  Make more games!! Love the entire series. Of all the Rusty Lake games up to this point (chronogically according to their release), it's the more disappointing. Repetitive to the point of being boring, and frustrating because of the star system and the way you need to do things if a very specific order if you wanna succeed. brilliant - keep 'em coming Definitely worth a play if you're a David Lynch fan... I'll definitely be buying the others in this series... Thanks for the memories :-) Money well spent. The main puzzles are challenging but doable. The side quest will take some dedication! Wish there was a save option or so to avoid restarting for the side quest, though. Hi I just purchased this app and it seems i was not charged with the discounted price. Could you check and refund? Thanks I think it is a good game but the graphics keep glitching. Is it because of my hardware. mediatek helio x10 This is the BEST, strangest, most unique game I've ever played. It's good, but not great I love this. Not only because it's disturbing, but its challenging and it keeps you thinking at all times. Good job This is the 1st premium game by Rusty Lakes. Loved it! If you're familiar with the Rusty Lake games, this one is equally as creepy and disturbing, but also very interesting and challenging to play. There are many different puzzles to solve, and you have to make sure you do them in a certain order to get a perfect score. Going to play Roots next. ¿Qué debo hacer con el código que obtuve por ganar todas las estrellas? :( Lovely game! One thing I didn't like where when you went in wrong room and couldn't get back  :/ otherwise, Loved it ! Thank you Rusty Lake! It's this game not supposed to be finished? To be continued? Well that sucks! Good game, but very short and easy to guess the steps if you've played other Rusty Lake games The creepiest game ever. I adored it. Edit: I thought I got stuck, but it turns out I just missed a bonus round sort of thing.    Solid game, good entry in the rusty lake story. Longer than the free ones (for me at least). Worth buying. Amazing! Please make many more games. Very worth the money Please create more! I've played them all It was definetly worth getting and was lots of fun. It is expecially hard to get 3 stars on everything. Do it Nice game and story. Good presentation. Just sooo short. It's just like those Room Escape games but with only five rooms (or days in this example) I am really sorry to put 1 star in this wonderful looking game but for days it has stopped loading. It has stuck in 38% and won't continue 😢 I hope it will get fixed soon. Thank you. Completely hooked on Rusty Lake. Fantastically dark story lines...more please. Another great Rusty Lake installment. Not quite as awesome as the cube escape episodes but still nice and wonderfully weird Another solid title in the Rusty Lake series. The optional ingredients helped add a bit of depth and replayability to it. Obviously quite morbid at times as the series tends to be  it interesting and engaging puzzles nonetheless. Given how many completely free excellent titles the Rusty Lake team has churned out I was more than happy to pay my dues to support them with this one. My one qualm is that on my Samsung tablet (I think it's a tab 3?), even after reinstalling, all of the backgrounds were pitch black making it basically unplayable, it works fine on my Motorola phone so I wasn't affected but it's something for Samsung tablet users to potentially watch out for. Favourite among all Awesome game enjoyed it very much! I absolutely love this game. One of the best puzzle games I've ever played...Can't wait for the next chapter... Alk the Rusty Lake games are fun, intriguing and slightly disturbing...which I love! Can't wait for the next one. I've played them all, free and paid. Worth every penny. Slow, but soooo entertaining. Keeps you occupied & thinking. That's for sure. 4.5 outa 5 stars Strange, macabre, and a lot of fun.  The puzzles are well done and no ads or in app purchases.  It's not particularly long, probably a couple hours for most people to finish the game, more if you want to obsessively get every star.  If you like point and click puzzle adventure this one is one of the best I've seen in the app store. Worth the money. A bit disappointing from Rusty lake. There are definitely some better ones, had more expectations for a paid game. The ending is quite lame, finished the game in 1h Like other mega fans of RL, I enjoyed and played most if not all games. I've downloaded most of the games and played, but I found by trial and error and frustration and guides, that to get 100℅you need to play in a certain order, maybe more so than others. But I enjoyed it, keep up the good work.( Gonna uninstall to save memory/ battery) ty, you rock! Great game, didn't give it 5 as I missed getting all the stars and I think it's a little mean that RL allow the player to continue, the optionals should be compulsory. It means that you need to replay the whole game if you really want the full satisfaction of getting all the ingredients.....unless you are more careful right from the start....I wasn't, and I see that many others were also frustrated by this. Otherwise, top game! The ideal game for me. Story was great and the controls were so easy to use. Good game although a bit short. Puzzles were very challenging although I don't get the idea of optional puzzles and naturally did poorly in them. Dark story but the overall purpose is not clear. Altogether I recommend buying. A perplexing story, a phenomenal art style, and Victor Butzelaar's wonderful soundtrack make one of the best room escape-style  games in existence. I love these games, I can't wait for the ending to come out. Okay the reason I have given 1 star is that for me the background images look completely scrambled. I can see the cupboards, characters basically all items but the walls are either blank or completely wrong. It just makes the game unplayable. If you guys can fix this I would give full stars. If you want to be up all night, this is the app for you! Very challenging and I can't put it down. Sooooo good Superb! Want more of! Thank you for the great work! I would love to give this game 5 stars but with no wallpaper and a black background it makes it impossible for me to see all the items in the rooms. Not playable with this bug. Cool set of games, thank you! Need more Awesome!!! It's good but a little bit too short for my liking I love the rusty lake series and this game. However it wakes up constantly the cpu, when I leave the game. Playing before go to bed leaves me almost empty battery, when I wake up. I'm with Nexus 5X Android 7.1 Have just reviewed the latest in this series of games (Rustly Lake Roots, also 5 stars), but this is the one that got me started. Utterly bizarre and often quite unsettling, this is fantastic fun and definitely worth buying. Then get all the free Cube Escape ones too. And Roots. You won't regret it. I downloaded this on the strength of Roots. I loved Roots!!!!! This game fell a bit short for me. The puzzles were not as good, the story lacked something for me and it glitched in Pheasants room when I was taking her picture, causing a total reset of the game. I was so pissed I should give this one star. But......on the principle that I am raging right now I will replay it when I can pull myself together. It is getting 3 stars because I actually liked it enough to start over. Awesome! I've bought both games and played every one in the series. This one is utter crap. You need to tell people they have to get 3 stars in each level. What is the point of allowing them to finish without finishing? I'm not going to play again just to get three stars. You didn't even let me try all the puzzles. What was the package at the end?!? Huge disappointment. You either escape or you don't. What's this stars nonsense? Did I finish or not?!? I'll not take my money back as I liked the free games. Some pieces of the puzzle are missing though... will not spoil. 3 cheers for creepy and weird!!!!!!! I love it sooo much ...this is the best game i have ever play I liked this game but got through it in one afternoon. Maybe a little too short/easy. Even though though it is amazing. I have no regrets for buying it. Now I'll go for roots and after that... Great, great story! This series should be a movie! Love it Awesome! The beetle catch mini game was too frustrating. Omg thx for the sale :) Make more Pleaaaaasssseeee Is there an order in which I should play these games to get the most out of the storyline? Neat game, but I don't like how if you randomly do something in the wrong order there is no way backtrack. Another great game from Rusty Lake. You won't regret your purchase. Big fan! Dinner is served!  Now where did I leave that knife... It was awsome Loved it ...this would be it! Haunting, creative and utterly original puzzler! Superb!! Loved it. Some slight illogical oddness with a couple of the puzzles, so if you get stuck for ages, don't feel too bad about looking at a walkthrough. Great atmosphere. Love it An amazing macabre game with fantastic graphics. One of my favourites. It's like salad fingers meets mobile gaming. I live the game, and the design is also remarkable. However, there were a couple of puzzles that, to me, didn't make sense at all. Nevertheless, this team creates some of the best escape games for mobile devices, and I have played around 50 so far. I have to admit that I do not usually take the time to give games a rating. However, Rusty Lake Roots and Rusty Lake Hotel are the BEST games I have ever downloaded to my phone. Great stories, characters, and challenges. There is a dark side that is not only interesting but somewhat comical. You will not regret the small price you pay for these games. Please make more!! Love the puzzles and graphics!  Super fun. Ya Just great. Challenging, varied, weird, dark. I've played all the free rusty lake escape and wouldn't mind paying for some. I can't wait to play more. Amazing Twisted and creepy in all the right ways. Biggest complaint is that the game doesn't give you an ending, it just ends. I really wish it completed this story and left it open for the next one. Instead we get a cliffhanger ending that doesn't really answer anything. Great game! I didn't want it to end. Hope there's going to be more .5 ☆☆☆☆☆ Eerie creepy excellent. Different from other games in style. I did get stuck sometimes and had to check a walk through to continue. Good difficulty, cool animation. Rusty Lake games are always amazing. Love em. Excellent. Dark and surreal with great puzzles. Well worth the money. Hotel was great although I guess I expected just a little bit more after playing the free games. They are more mysterious, bizarre and dark. For example Theatre, my favourite, brought you on a journey you didn't know what to expect, while Hotel was pretty much a systematic process. Still enjoyed it though. I like all of Rusty Lake games, and this one by far is my favorite. Love the dark storyline, and the puzzles are quite challenging! What a great series of games. My only disappointment is when I finish & know I've reached the end. This one is definitely worth the money, most especially considering how many other great games Rusty Lake offers for free. Support this dev & buy this game! ...for the memories. Beautifully done! These games are by far the best challenging addictive games ever. Absolutely genius Don't like it. The entire Rusty Lake family is better than any other game I've ever played. I love all rusty lake games! Amazing graphics, brilliant storyline, fantastic characters and incredible puzzles. About time people discovered these. Look forward to more. The only thing about this one is, that there is an order so try and work that out to get full stars! Stay sharp. Very macabre. Every room I enter has its wallpaper textures bugged to the point where it just looks like static. I've tried reinstalling but it does nothing. It's very disorienting and unappealing to the eye. until it's fixed I cannot play it. I love the rusty lake series of games but i cant find the extra ingredients and what was the purpose of finding the cigars. Too short, need more memories... Love the visual style, music, setup, story and the mystery in this game. It's been a while since I got excited about some game on mobile and this was a nice surprise. Thank you for the nice experience. Wow. That's how I would describe it. The puzzels are great, the world is surreal and a tad spooky. It's everything I wanted the zero escape series to be. This...this gets 5 stars from me. Now, it does have a few problems, mostly involving the touch screen. It's very picky at two points of the game. One involving the paint, and the bug in the glass jar. But other than that, it perfect. Surreal, facinating, and challenging. I want more of this, please. Now, I have to go and make some dinner. Amazing Hey there just wanted to let you know I thoroughly enjoyed this clever little gem! Creepy, bizarre, disturbing and intelligent! All at the same time! Love the games this group puts out.  Visually and mentally stimulating throughout! Amazing and flawless game with excellent script, graphics and sound. Loved it! Very fun puzzle mystery game Only problem is having to wait for more to come out!! fun, a bit too easy, very anticlimactic. This is a great game. Love the art and macabre theme. The puzzles are the perfect difficulty. Nicely done. As the other games, well designed, dark, creepy and thrilling. Cannot wait for new additions the Rusty Lake universe. As Macabre as You'd Expect ...and its the best $0.99 I've spent! Awesome game! Fun puzzles! Rusty Lake games are great! Good point and click. Extra bonus to make it replayable. I did not get everything on my first playthrough. This game caught me by surprise when i found out what the dinner was about. Great adventure game with excellent atmosphere. A Little Short though. XD What an experience This series of games is an absolute masterpiece with brilliant puzzels, art, music, mechanics, story the list goes on. This series is a must play. Can't wait for the next game :) All these games in this series are incredible...  I hope they come out with more, they're creative and beautiful. Macabre and amusing. Interesting story and clever challenges. Will need to play again as didn't find all the optional ingredients to earn 3 stars per meal! Loved it Great game. But beat it in an hour...a bit to much $ for a game that can be beat so quick. Fantastic! :) Every rusty lake game is better than the last &lt;3 first game I've ever bought and worth every penny A fun but spooky little tap and find mystery. I'm not terribly good at these but I found I only had to cheat a couple of times to complete the story. The series was just so weird, dark and amusing all at the same time. And so I decided to buy this, I had expectations. This one didn't exceed my expectations, but either way it was still lovely. I am looking forward for what other things you could produce. It is just black perfect. 5 * nothing more The best games I've ever played on my phone. Quite puzzling at times. Thanks...keep em' coming! Regarding the plot - the game is rather cruel. Regarding the quest component - additional ingredient search is not intuitive and not very logical. Adding the dark underlying theme to this made the game just my type. Although the ending was quite confusing. I hope they do continue it at some point. Overall, well done! No hay más qué decir This is the best escape game I've ever played, also this is my first time paying to play a game. I'm waiting for more cube escape series! Thanks a lot:) I was left wanting more! I hope the game developers keep coming up with new ideas so that I have more to look forward to! Gameplay could have been a lillte longer.  Waiting for Roots!! Worth to play. Hope you release new episode soon Genius I just love this story .... Excellent game.. Makes you think how to solve the puzzle... Xxx more please... Awesome game, great fun An addictive series. Very well crafted from the details of the challenges to the illustrations and music. Heads up, graphic and delightfully twisted. A piece of art... Gimme more!! Fun, neat game play, but short and leaves you hanging.  Feeling cheated. Too easy to fail - I had to start from the beginning 4 times before I managed to get all stars. Rusty lake has done it again with this thriller. It is very creepy and keeps you completely engaged.  It really engages your emotions when dealing with each unique character. Definitely worth the price. Lots of fun for folks 17 years of age and older. Enjoy. One of the best optimised Rusty Lake games. The only problem I've had with it is that it's rather quiet, especially Mrs Pigeon, I could barely hear her. I love everything that comes out of Rusty Lake. It's a long involved game definitely worth the money but you get so sucked in to the game that it's easy to finish it all in one sitting. Y arent there more??!! I have played all the Rusty Lake games and was happy to pay for this one. They make you think without being too obscure to follow. I like the dark theme and artwork. Excellent narration and ease of game play. I just wish there were more of them. Everything about this was brilliant. Deliciously Macabre! Worth it  ❤ Rusty lake games are always fantastic, both in story, difficulty, and the whole aesthetic overall. Glad I bought the game, only issue is now I've finished all the games. : ( Really fun and well done artwork and atmosphere with great room-style puzzles. Way more interesting than the usual "I found a key so I'll put it in the keyhole" stuff... These are real puzzles and loads of fun. There is adult content (language and cartooney blood) I guess maybe 12yo+. This developer is by far the BEST EVER!!!  RUSTY LAKE AND THE OTHER GAMES FROM THIS DEVELOPER ARE ALL I PLAY!!!  CANNOT WAIT FOR THE NEW ONE TO COME OUT "ROOTS"!! Love the Rusty Lake series. All escape the cube and this one have been so much fun. Challenging, with a great (twisted) plot. More please! It's the best game ever mystery horror I love this game it's the best mystery or finding game I like Fun to play and definitely gets your brain working but the stars really annoyed me as not only do you need to find everything, if you miss the correct order there is no going back without restarting the whole game... Which I've now done three times as the order of "meals" is never made clear I had BIG expectations for this one, I expected something grand, sophisticated, intriguingly dark. Instead, I felt like the devs delivered an OK game unfortunately lacking in depth and to my taste overly sadistic. I did not understand why the guests had to be purposefully killed  by the player, why their death wasn't just an "unfortunate coincidence", a toll demanded by the bloodthirsty lake... Hope next time it's going to be a game that I won't be able to put down. Like others this is the first game I bought not because of the game itself but because of the nine other games that they have in the store for free. And while i do think the game itself is still well worth the price on its own I really just want to say thank the rusty lake team for all the hours of entertainment. It has truly been a pleasure. If you're enjoying the series, you'll like this one too. I wish I could have saved between nights - getting three stars all around takes many many trips through the same fully solved pathways. Is that I finished it. These games are brilliant and will often find such intricate ways to challenge the player. This particular game, although not much longer than the others, relies upon a specific order of events for full completion and a keen, observant eye throughout the game. I am looking forward to anything R.L. puts out next. I've played pretty much all the highest rated escape games I could find on the play store but never came across the Cube series. Randomly saw an advert on another unrelated game and thought I'd check it out. SO GLAD I DID!!!!!! They are easily the best escape games you can find!!! Finished the whole series over the past few nights so thought I'd stump up some cash and give this one a whirl. Anyway, well done you clever people. I'm hoping for more soon!!!!! Never bought a game before, after playing all of the other games how could I not? Im hooked. Cant wait for more. Definitely worth getting the whole series. Some are slightly better then the others. Although I think they all, as a whole are wonderful. Twisted enough to keep you interested. Loved all the cube games by this developer. They are deserving of support. Play all their free games and you'll want to buy this one too. Totally blown away by the Rusty Lake games. Found this one first as I prefer to buy games without ads and support the devs but have since gone on to play them all. Ads in the free games are completely unobtrusive so no worries there. The sinister theme throughout works brilliantly and the puzzles have the right level of difficulty. Just get them all, you won't be disappointed. Can't wait for the next installment! Amazing Thoroughly enjoyed it but would have liked more! I enjoyed it. Worth every cent Strategy! I didn't realize what I was really doing until halfway through, so I finished and immediately played it again. Had to look up a thing or two, otherwise I would never have figured out some of the "optional" puzzle pieces.  Really excellent series overall and I can't wait for more installments! Great value, amazing story, looking forward to the next chapter. I hope it could develop to a much longer and complex story I've played all the Rusty Lake games, they are awesome. Very weird and creepy and so intriguing. Very cool. True, it's not as gory, but the puzzles are clean and logical but still hard enough to keep you entertained for a while.  Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm off to prepare tonight's dinner... Very engaging, played all of them... Can't beat it. Puzzles are awesome and storyline is definitely worth a few play throughs And more Cube Escapes! From the gameplay to the artwork down to the eerie storyline, this series is a Grade-A home run! Loved every installment and Rusty Lake Hotel takes the cake! Can't wait for more! I have played all of your games and love them. I have been waiting for another to come out and still nothing. When will more come out? I am a HUGE fan of the cube escape series... So much that this ended up being the FIRST GAME I EVER PURCHASED from the playstore! ☺️ That said, I am not very happy with this one. I guess I had great expectations after Cube Escape Theatre. It's not as weird, creepy, or amazing as it's predecessors, however, it's much better than other touch n explore games in the market. The developers deserve the money, not for this game, but for the entire cube series. Hope the next one kicks ass. For a game you pay for it does not last long enough.  I beat this game in a little over an hour. Not worth real money. I want more :) i really like all the rusty lake games. Quite dark and scary. I love this game. If you can handle the chAllenge you won't be let down. I am hoping they come out with something new soon... This one's not the best of the series imo, which i find a bit weird since it's the only one that's not free. That being said i haven't enjoyed an escape series as much as this one. You got me hooked. I completed all cube escape seasons, and bought this game to support those guys. Well done guys! Please do more :) Great game! Almost solved it myself! (Got stuck on the water  bottles) Please make another one!!! Although I'm not crazy about the whole meals idea and found the storyline lacking, I love the characters and the puzzles are stellar as always. "To be continued..." I can't wait to see what's coming from Rusty Lake next! Quite quirky You keep making them and ill keep buying them. Off-beat, brilliantly executed fun adventure game Love it. Nice food lol The best. I loved it impressive! Good graphics, pretty intense concept.. ties with the cube series mystery well.. Keep an eye out for those extra ingredients! While playing this, I felt like I was gonna pee in my pants. It's the best mobile game I've ever played. So I could't help playing all of the series of Cube Escape. Plz make and release more and more games like this. If then I'll buy all games of Rusty Lake I promise. Love all rusty lake games. This is  one of the few I paid for and it's worth it! Buy it! A beautiful game with a lot of mystery and connected story to the other rusty lake games. I felt like Hannibal Lector, Twin Peaks, and a children's book got together for this game. Had lots of fun, well with the money. Bought this game after getting hooked on and playing the rest of the series, loved it beginning to end. By far. Amazing game Always keeps you on your toes. The story is creepy and amazing! Can't wait for more games! The bar is very high I'll admit, but the gameplay could be a lot smoother, and most of the puzzles were more tedious than challenging. It's short and has little replay value, but that comes with the genre. It's a great game that's darkly comical with good puzzles. I wish it was longer though. Short, cheap, and has decent replay value Such a lovely little dark game. The only thing I would have liked is an option to restart a room if I had missed something. I usually hate point and click escape games, they are boring. But this was astounding. Amazing. Played the cube escape series 3 times before I downloaded this. Well worth my money. Genious and horrifyingly funny Awsome awsome awesome The best puzzle game ever Excellent and macabre! Quirky but fun! I found this game by accident while looking around the Play store to purchase a game. I liked the art and the price was reasonable. I really liked the puzzles and the humor is top notch. Also a little bit 2spooky4me. I'm now trying out the Cube Escape from the developer and also having a blast with those games. Great work, Rusty Lake. Have worked my way thru most of rusty lake series,what a fab set of games. Highly recommend Ok game but you seem to have to do stuff in a certain order to get all the ingredients, which is really frustrating. Not worth attempting without a walkthrough. Fixed my only complaint^, enjoyable creative game! Wicked!!! Superb game - highly recommended. Puzzle games are ten a penny on the app store but this one stands out head and shoulders above the crowd. Intriguing puzzles, dark premise and lots of clever links to the Cube Escape series. Sure its' fairly short but it's only £1.59! I'd recommend buying this then downloading all the Cube Escape games for free. Awesome game I'm so in love with cube escape. I've played them all. Please give us more! Thank you. I have always loved the Rusty Lake games. I have played all but this one. I didn't have money until recently and I'm glad I bought this. I purchased this game yesterday because I really loved the art style and game concept. The game itself was an amazing surprise. Then I found out it was part of a series of other interconnected games so I did the only thing I could: Binge playing! It's so cool to see how the developers have kept true to their storytelling style and zany, sometimes outright morbid visual puzzles, but that the presentation has become art! My only regret is that they aren't longer, but who doesn't wish that about a great game? This series of games are great, makes you think both inside and outside box. Definitely worth paying for! I'm excited for new parts to be released. Thanks guys! I loved it, it was weird, creepy, and just fun. I highly recommend the game if you like that kinda stuff. I loved it and I like every other game by rustylake I evenly think of each one the best.❤❤❤ Played all of the cube games so had to get this one. Best one of the lot! Nice game Best escape games ever i need more! Please. Make more or even a new series either way your brillant! Perhaps it is because ive played All the cube escapes before playing this one: it seems really quick and short. Still enjoyed it very much Great game. Good atmosphere and clever quizzes. Compared to my favourite game series "the room", this game is way too short. Other than that, I enjoyed the game. Would be 5 stars, but the framerate on the menus and animations are low, even on a powerful device.  Fantastic game, though. Creepy, cool af, good story lines, and you have to use your brain. I feel like my short term memory is improving. Definitely worth buying. For only $2, this game is a must-buy. The story and atmosphere is fantastic, and the puzzles are just challenging enough. Only a minor gripe, the sound quality for the voices and sound effects seems to be on par with a flash game from the early 2000's. I love all of thier games. Make more free cube plz ❤To say this game is awesome still doesn't do it justice. Huge huge huge fan of all the Rusty Lake games. This one and Seasons are my favorites. Please keep them coming! I've played them all so many times! Thank you!❤ Love these sorts of games, I was hooked! Creepy, magical, great game Much higher production value than the free ones, and easily worth the two bucks. I just wish there was a way to turn back the clock to replay segments if you missed some special ingredients the first time through The story of this series is so intresting, I wish there is more of those. I finished all the games in Rusty Lake and I'm always itching for more. Of all the Cube Escape series, this is the hardest so far. I need to play it again to get all the stars! Fun and quirky puzzle game with an imaginative story line. Hopefully more games like this to come Always entertaining but this one was way too short  especially that it's chargeable. I didn't get anything for collecting all the stars :( Great I expected more It was ok. A few parts are impossible because it is random guessing and hard to find all the "optional" ingredients. I only found 3 of them the first time thru. Most escape developers are great at that format, but that's about it. Rusty Lake are a rare exception in that sense. Rusty Lake Hotel shows that not all point and click adventures need to be escape games, and they do it with STYLE. From the intriguingly delicious narrative to the evocative atmosphere and very replayable format, this game brings some fresh air to a pretty stale genre. Oh, and besides, it's just an excellent game. Warning: disturbing imagery and plot mechanics. Do you dare to visit? Great puzzle game! This is a great Escape More than worth its price, Rusty Lake is a wonderful puzzle adventure with a great vibe and wonderful art. Definitely love both the series and this game, looking forward to what comes next after theater. Difficult, but enjoyable. Просто восхитительно! Can't wait to play the next one! Major fan of the Rusty Lake series! Awesome creepy storyline, intriguing characters, challenging logical puzzles that keep me coming back! Also, love the art!  Already finished the other cube escape games and I'm ready for more! Keep them coming! Darkly amusing series. I found it through a web interface, started with one game. Wanted to find what else the developer had available and before I knew it I had played every single Cube Escape that was there.  Then I installed them on my phone. After replaying them multiple times each I found Rusty Lake Hotel and figured that I might as well support the developer and purchased it. I have to say that this is one of the best games that I have gotten from the Play Store so far. I can't wait to see what's next Exactly the sort of game I've been looking for! And not pricey either :) I love it! I finally completed it, I just don't know what the secret code is for... did I miss something or is it for your  next games? Imma play all the other cube escape games now. Bye. 😂 This game is just amazing. All the Cube Escape games are amazing too. I'm really glad to have actually played all the games you/ you guys, have made. They're fantastic and totally worth the play. Very macabre.  Intriguing.  And definitely different from most games.  Kept me entertained for hours! Ama,ing and unique game Love all of the rusty lake games Can't wait for the next installment Fantabulous game!!! 😃 so dark and just tricky enough to keep you thinking without making you give up. I love the theme and I'd gladly pay for anymore installations. Thank you! Great little game Great Huge fan of these puzzle games. But this one is fantastic. Bit of macabre mixed with humor and just enough mystery to make you want more. And I want more! I'm obsessed with all the Rusty Lake games, just wish the paid for one was longer Sadly this game doesn't display wall textures on my ASUS ZenFone 2 (Z00A). This makes it nearly impossible to get something from the great athmosphere of other Cube Escape games I loved this game and the series but i found this one to be too short for a pay to play game. It would have been perfect if it was longer. If you haven't played any of these games before I recommend all of them highly. I even suggest playing the others first because this is the second to last installment(to date) and the rest of the games are free. I've played every game within a few days and I can't get enough. Like the style, very mature. Hope u guys make some more in the same vein, like maybe a full-length game? This was kind of a tease. Fun series! Excellent job on the developers for this one paid and so many free episodes. I didn't mind giving the development team $2 for this one episode seeing they have about 6 free others. Its a fun, creepy, rewarding game. Thanks guy's! Excellent job, Keep up the good work and hope to see more like this! I love dark games and this is really up there on the gruesome scale (the faint of heart won't enjoy) but why is samsara not available through the app store? It's the only one I haven't played, for that reason. Cant catch moth with glass jar on phone. Cant progress in game Une atmosphère fidèle aux autres opus, mais un épisode un peu plus long et avec quelques secrets bien cachés. Great lil game. Got stuck on pigeon one tho had to google. Great set of games. Cant wait for more A really good puzzle game. Worth the money and patience I had to put in But why so expensive? Cube:Seasons and cube: code 23 is even longer than this. And the puzzles are honestly quite simple compared to the rest. If you're buying this just treat it as paying for all the Cube Escape games together so that you don't feel too ripped off. Best Android game(the entire series) I've played in a while Jesse Kattar would love this game Just another positive bit of feedback amongst the rest. This is one of the very few games I have bought, but you have something fantastic going here and I would love to give what I can to repay for the ongoing entertainment. Cheers 😀 I really love the Mr Owl voice.  So intriguing and makes you think outside the box! What is my code for though? Limited by my tablet, for some reason all of the walls are black. No way to complete some of these puzzles because I can't see the keys at all. And I'd like to complete this without using the walk through. Its a great game. Simply because I wanted to show some love from all the other great great free games in this series. Thank you. Feels like abit unsatisfied because I finished in 3 hours 😂 gameplay experience is awesome, anticipating the next episode! Your games are one of my favourites. There is a lot of thinking required. Would be good if the days are saved individually so I don't have to repeat the whole game I ADORE these games... the style is awesome. So well done!!  I just wish there were more as Im almost finished them all!! So freakin good...I have played everything Rusty Lake has to date....when will you have the next game? ♡ Very nice! All the Rusty Lake games are so much fun!!! This "pre-play" comment is simply based on the games leading up to this one.  I love all of the Rusty Lake Cube Escape games and gladly paid for this installment.  I can't wait to see what is in store! Dark and eerie with cool puzzles. Absolutely worth it. Great job developers. I'll gladly pay 2 bucks to support rusty lake. They make great games. This is definitely one of them Where's the ending,,??? Incomplete game Love this game and it's series! Good imagination and difficulty. I did prefer the cube series though, quite a darker spirit and cannot wait to have more. I have one question: why is the -1 button not activated in the elevator and where does it goes ? Maybe in an update later ;) ? Okay, I never buy apps. Ever. But this series pulled me in and made me love it despite all my expectations that I simply had to. Awesome game, hope there's more to come, keep up everything!!! Really enjoyed this and my son did too! Top game I love it. I binge-played all the other Rusty Lake games and this one last. They're all brilliant. I'm playing it for the second time to try and get all the meal stars! These games are dark, creepy, gross and fantastic. I can't get enough! This game is awesome and super creepy! I wish there were more games to play! ( I have downloaded and played all of the games offered by Rusty Lake). It's not enough, make more! Love, love, love! This game is fun, challenging and morbid. Really enjoyed it and can't wait to see what they do next. Awsome! I have played all the RL games & i luv em. Please, please, please give us more!😭 Love all the "cube escape" games and this one. I love puzzle games and this series is thee best!  Love the dark, scary and unexpected parts.  Played all of them in one weekend. Purchased this to support developers who've release a load of free games with no ads or permissions. All Rusty Lake games are challenging, atmospheric and connected with a thrilling story. The developer has put a lot of effort into making them. Nice job! I really enjoyed it, my only complaint is that it's so short I enjoyed previous free 'cube' games so I was happy to pony up the $1.99 for this final pay-to-play game. However, the puzzles are so gruesome and disgusting I found no enjoyment. It involves killing the guests and feeding them to the other guests. Also feeding excrement to one of the guests. The other games were challanging and fun but this one is disgusting.  Keep the 2 bucks,  you did well on earlier games. I am uninstalling it. Too short :( Cannot get enough! I have finished all Rusty Lake games and surely want more. There is nothing like this at the play store. Not even close. It's mystic, smart, challenging, a bit creepy in a good way, creators must have a great sense of humor too. Love it! Great fun. Excellent. I love all of these games. The story line is fun and creepy. The best escape games. Please make more! These games are the best escape games if played love them. Looking forward to new ones being released Hint to get 3 stars on menus theres always one ingredient in the lobby first that will lead u to nxt room make sure u cut the owls pic in rabbits room and blueberry out of electric bird turn on 5 times its in his mouth and. Potatoes on 3rd night in lobby on the bat Loved it! Want more ! Best escape game ever! Love the series. More please! wish it would be longer tho.. A very atmospheric and dark escape game. I loved playing it. Amazing installment from rusty lake! Can't wait for the next, I know it will be worth the wait!! I really enjoyed myself while playing all of the current games in the rusty lake series, it was a mix of difficult and hard puzzles, to be honest I got stuck in some moments and had to use the youtube walkthrough! But overall I would highly recommend this game and its counterparts to any puzzle lover! Amazing!! now i'm 32 but all of your games make me feel 15 playing adventure game all day. Keep good work Rusty lake! Happily paid for this game as I loved playing the free ones. It didn't disappoint. The puzzles are just right, difficult but logical. Love the dark side of the games too. Awesome. Highly recommend. Wish it were longer, but I still very much enjoyed it. Was worth every penny. Keep 'em coming! I never buy apps. But I had no problems buying this one. If only I could buy more...I'm hooked! All their games are amazing. Strangely organised, but amazing. So good! I need more! Cant raise or cut axe. Only get clicks. Really looking forward to playing this game but it crashed and wouldn't open so I got a refund. See title You've given me nearly ten good games that I've played four or five times each. I'll gladly purchase to support more work. The best series ever. Like the story Line ... free games are really nice also... We had a blast playing all of the Rusty Lake games, enough so that I paid for this one just to show the devs some support. All of the games they make take me back to my early days of gaming with games like Myst, but with a darker twist. My only wish is for their next release to be even more challenging than this one! Great game, on the short side. Wish there was a way to reset a day instead of starting over. Happy to pay this small fee to support this developer after having played and thoroughly enjoyed all the free cube escape games. There's not even any ads!  Thank you. I've played a LOT of escape games and this is by far the best!! Can't get enough of it. Just sad that I've played all already. When is the next release?  I hope very soon. Totally obsessed! Love playing and of the Rusty Lake games. They're challenging but not to hard to where they're discouraging. Great job! Can't wait until the new one Top notch. The story, the music, the voices, the puzzles, the difficulty... Stunning. Please make these until ones and zeroes no longer exist. I'd gladly have paid for every single one! Make more like this I played the entire series - sometimes it was hard to find a way and i had difficulties, yet im happy to support the developers of this game and i hope there is more to come😊 I cannot get enough of these games!! More please!!!! Started playing the first Cube escape game on the Thursday. Completely shut out the rest of the world and let slide all my responsibilities... My baby was born the following Tuesday. I Felt guilty for not being as supportive as I could of been, so I deferred that guilt by purchasing Rusty Lake Hotel. Equilibrium restored! I don't know exactly what that was, but I enjoyed it enough that I'm doing it again. Except this time I'll make sure all the dinners are perfect. I usually get bored with app games, but I am totally addicted to these games! I've played thru them all except the hotel. Excellent story. Perfect creepiness! Well thought out puzzles. After playing the free ones, I have no problem paying for more. And thank you for not requiring any permissions on my phone! Well done all around! Enjoying this game--despite how gruesome it is! However... I can't work out how to distribute the liquid in the 3 science bottles in Mr Deers room.. despite watching the walk through again and again... assistance needed please!!! :/ to be continued And kept getting better. Need more games like this. Have enjoyed all of your games.  However it is frustrating that if you miss something (in my case, the blackberries) you can't redo the room or restart it while you're in it. I've had to completely restart several times now,  which causes me to lose steam with my enjoyment. Played RLH, CE: birthday and theater, now downloaded the rest. You guys are making awesome games. Some characters and the dark tone make me think in Simogo's Year Walk, one of my favourite games. I can now tell that this game was not for me and I'd a horrible waste of money. I may be an adult but this freak me out so, no I would like my money back but that is not likely. Just work on your advertisement so the point gets across. I fell in love with the cube escape series so I decided to buy this game, and I was not disappointed! Brain-teasing but not too hard puzzles, beautiful art and the creepy vibe.. spent good amount of time on this! The optional ingredients are a  bit frustrating since they're all blink-and-you-miss-it, but that was on me not the game design. Looking forward fore more games in the future! Expected more but left a little under whelmed.  Was engaging enough but too short, took 2 hours game play to finish without any help to solve puzzles.  Twice as long or half the price would have been better. I've played all the games and I love them and the story so very much Loved the darkness! I really enjoyed this game it was a lot of entertainment for the price thank you Really keeping me attached to phone... not so hard and not so easy. Really beautiful horror story. Great game ! Brilliant!!!! Can't wait for more! Took me a while to get all the stars but was definitely worth it! Keep going! I love your games! They're a bit cruel but very well thought through! :D Can't wait for more! Was great till i reached the pigeon room. Stuck missing a key, the one you are supposed to get from the radio. Nothing happens when I do the pattern, walkthrough says a plant supposed to bring a key but nothing happens... Seen other comments with same issue. Great. Wouldn't have minded if it was longer :-D (That's what she said.) This is one of the best games I've ever found on the playstore. It is so so well made, the stories are so addictive and the puzzles are brilliant. Great app! Love all the cube escape games as well Fantastic story, puzzle game. Can't wait for more. Been a fan since I first saw the games on kongregate. Story always keeps me locked in to finish ASAP. Can't wait for more releases. Completed all the mobile apps!!!! Thanks for keeping me interested!!! Played all the free scenarios. Had to buy this story. Tons of fun Didn't last as long as I hoped it would. I love the Rusty Lake games. Can't wait for more :D Unexpectedly very dark! It has everything i could ever want in a game for me personally... Weird, dark, challenging, startling, eerie, beautiful, perfect soundtrack, responsive touch, and now in their newest game they added replay value. Just all around perfect! Rusty lake has truly redefined a genre that for me i had given up on because almost all room escape games became predictable and just boring. Not sure what im going to do with myself now that i completed all of them. Not up to the level of The Room series but a nice puzzle game No, this is not your typical point and click games. This games got me hooked because of its story, its creepiness and its graphic. The solution doesn't always have to make sense--cause why should it? love how the dev integrated history and fantasy together. Before Rusty Lake I have downloaded all their games for free--and tbh I am happy to have purchased this one because the dev deserved it. If you read this team, please know that I support you and I will play and buy all of your rusty lake games.Thank you! Love the setting and eerie atmosphere. Some of the riddles are not logical enough. Amazing but too short but if paying the $1.99 helps the developers make more games like this I'm so down! Can't wait for part 2 It was fantastic! I couldnt stop playing once i started! I look forward to playing more of your work Good puzzles. Low graphic Great game . Waiting for the new one . No fancy graphics are needed when the game is done well.  I will be keeping an eye on this developer.  Thanks! I saw this at itch.io and I'm itching to play it. (Did you saw my pun? Lol) I'll give it a try aaand give it a review. :3 EDIT: Finished playing! Gosh, I remember this every night. It makes me cringe. I'm excited to see the continued part! But I don't get the storyline. If I remembered Ms. Pigeon and Mr. Boar's death, I felt scared. If you like some games with horror elements, probably try this!! :) Thank u for this wonderful series! A VR version of your games would be amazing. The whole series is terrific. Just hard enough to be fun. Found the other rusty lake games more interesting, for e.g. cube escape birthday and theatre. The talking characters gave them a bit more dimension. Still good as an adventure puzzle game, but just a little disappointing given it's the premium game of the series. Great! It is done so beautifully and the optional ingredients make it very replayable Loved the game have played all others by rusty lake for free before paying for rusty lake hotel expected a longer game. If this had of been longer I would have given 5 stars. Still a good game. Thanks rusty lake. I've played all the RL games and can't get enough of them! Thank you for the experience! I actually like the other cube games much more than this one.Happy to support the devs tho I loved all the free games and had to get the Rusty Lake Hotel. Keep them coming.  I'm addicted! Love this... need more!! Loved it Amazing game. I am totally hooked on Rusty Lake. Well worth the money..and you'll most likely have to play more than once if you want the bonus...which by the  way does anyone know what the secret code is for that they give you at the end of the bonus? Crashed as soon as I opened the game. Tried multiple times. Other cube escape games worked well and I loved them. Nvidia shield tablet/Android 6.0 I using 3days to play all the chapter & so much fun also almost make me crazy to play it.Hope can release more new chapter!!! So mysterious and creepy. I wish it was longer but it's great. More rusty Lake! Very nice creation of mood wiyh use of music and edgy themes. I wish the game was double the length and twice as hard but im being greedy. This is a top game. Nice way to spend an evening entertained but not glued to the tv. Looking forward to no. 2 Hello! I love this game! But im having trouble with the radio! Im not sure if im doing it wrong or its a glitch but the plant wont appear! There's text to the right that I can't see. Have 10 inch tablet. Anyway,  glad it's only 2 bux. Not my kind of game where I also can't see the arrows? Feels a bit static. I did see the video walk through - thank you for that. Just seems like a lot of clicking in some areas to get an object. Maybe it's too hard for me. Not an experienced puzzler. If you're a rookie,  try something else. Surreal is not the word! This was a fun game, suitable levels of strange and macabre. Some of the optional ingredients were a little hard (and in one case gross - I'm looking at you, tomatoes!) to find, but overall I was very satisfied by the first premium game in the Rusty Lake series. Some missables for those all important 'Perfect Meal' stars lose it a star in the review, but otherwise: Awesome. Off to replay Birthday now I have the Secret Code... Love the game played them all please make more!! Generally speaking, I usually dismiss 'basic' looking games. I'm a sucker for bright colours and great graphics!! But after reading a few of the reviews on 'RLH' I was intrigued (I'll read other people's opinions, but it's extremely rare that I'll leave mine! Lol). And I absolutely bloody love it............... As well as the rest of their creations. And it's mind blowing that they don't charge for their other games?!?! I have completed the game with maximum stars. What are you supposed to do with the code please? Unbelievably awesome! Thank you I really hope you guys are making more because I love these! They are so creepy, and the story is amazing. The graphics are beautiful. I hate buying games on my phone. I really do, but you guys are totally worth it. i love this game. first time in my life that i paid for a game Disturbing, challenging, & surreal. Loved it. I wish it were longer, it was so fun. This is the first game/app I've ever bought because I've just never felt a desire to before I found these awesome games. I played the free cube games and couldn't not get it. I can't wait for the next one! Please make it longer! It's a very good game. I did all the cube escape games and just had to buy this one. Waiting on more. Rusty lake does a great job of balancing challenging puzzles and a humorously macabre story line. The hotel doesn't run, perhaps, as deep as Seasons with regard to the delusional, but it's a fun way to spend a couple of hours. The whole Rusty Lake series is superbly done. This treasure should have more downloads, any puzzle fan will love it. Really creepy story, tough but logical puzzles, well done developers !! Imaginative, dark, immersive... the best game I have played in a long time The details,  the design,  the voices...  Everything is perfect and helps create a completely creepy game experience.  Play with headphones and you will be wholly immersed. A fun amd challenging experience. Whilst you solve the challenges at your own pace you are sucked into a world where everything is a bit off.  My only nitpick is that although I love the character designs, the game sometimes feels too "flash gamey", if slightly tweaked the game can look amazing.   Having said that, highly recommended. The best part is that the developer made plently more games like it that are part of the same story and free! Very unusual escape themed game with a bizarre plot - or, perhaps gruesome and morbid would be be a better description. That being said, when you think about the themes behind most fairy tales - pretty much the same just graphic.  Really good puzzles and more about them than the actual escapes. Really weird and stretches your imagination. Looked like an awesome game but I can't got it to launch on my nvidia shield tablet So weird and creepy. I loved the free games and wanted to support the designers. Well done guys! Its a very good game and I enjoy it alot but the walls are black snd I cant read the writting thats supposed to appear, is there anyway to fix the problem? Also I have this problem on all the cube escape games too The art and the story line are just incredible!! So much talent goes into making these cube games. Please make more!!! I am happy to pay. You deserve it!! I'm dying to see what Mr. Owl and Mr. Crow has in store for us next! ***** I wish it was a big easier because it's starting to make me quit.I wish rustylake may make rustylake hotel more easy Great game. Very entertaining. I became the big fan of Rusty Lake series! Please do not stop making new games, new series, new mysteries and outstanding stories! We can't wait the new ones! I've done The Theater too. But not that scary like the previous one. More mature I think :) This story is much more then just a game. I enjoy to get to know new characters. Hope to see new episode soon. Thank you, Rusty lake team! This one's the same as the other Rusty Lake Escape Cubes... shame it wasn't a bit longer but good to support the makers after the free ones! Happy to pay for this one as you let me play all the others for free. Excellent These are the best interactive escape games I've ever played. DEFINITELY worth buying; first game I've ever paid for. #NoRegrets Amazing wonderful incredible mind blowing cool awesome great buy it now Hope it can be longer. Also hope puzzles can be harder Greatly enjoyed every single mystery they have put out. I look forward to more! Put me on a mailing list please. And it's satisfyingly twisted. Great puzzles and an engaging mythology that spans several games. I think I'm falling in love with Mr. Crow... Loved this whole series !!! Really looking forward to playing more of your games in the near future! 😁😁 Never write reviews but very fun game, great style My only complaints: there should be a way to skip the intro and reset the game.   Otherwise, good stuff. Love Rusty Lake games. Just wish it was longer. They are well made and they let you think outside the box. Great story, sounds and effects ♡ Excellent! Rusty Lake, don't stop what you're doing! And hurry and launch more! The stories and settings are just the right amount of twisted, and they keep me wondering..."What in the heck made you think of that?!" Keep up the good work! Creative and well executed After playing all the cube escapes for free. This one did not disappoint!!! There is an order to be able to get all ingredients, and if you miss one you have to start from the beginning. If this is a problem for anyone, just use a walk through for hints. Otherwise play it over and over and enioy!! Can hardly wait for the next Rusty Lake game!!! Thanks. Need more :p Keep up with the great work. Nice creepy history, nice puzzles that are all conected. Im in love! Awesome I love your game,but can't play normally. Don't know why,but all side objects showing in black colour (walls, wires,etc). Means if the Key is black I will not see it on the black walls. I'm really surprised, the same for all your games.  I would love to send you the screenshot so you can understand the problem and fix it. My only complaint is that I wish it were longer! However, I'm more than happy to buy the game to support the developers, especially since they released so many for free! I love the graphics, and the style - hope to see more from Rusty Lake! Love it! Would be 5 stars if we could reset by room though instead of having to go all the way back to the beginning! Bizarre story, some incongruous links between puzzles, needed to do lots of random tapping, couldn't find all items and no way to go back without resetting. Just falls short I'm afraid. I haven't played any of the other games by Rusty Lake, but I absolutely plan to! This was a great game! It was dark and challenging but also not so hard that it was frustrating, which games like this can often be.  The only way this could be improved is if you could save your game. I had multiple times where I missed my opportunity to get an ingredient, and had to start from the beginning in order to get it.  Overall, a great game, highly recommend it. Definitely worth the money. I loved the dark humour of the story great art work! Great surreal story-based adventure. More please! It's fun as long as you don't mind the darker parts, if you've played the cube escape series this great. Though the optional/bonus items are sometimes a little tricky. One of the best apps I've ever had the pleasure of playing Again ,,, by far the best point n click /escape statagey game by far in the shop ! Played all of the series , paid for this one and was not let down ! Worth every penny ! Cant wait for the next instalment ! Thank you !!!! It doesn't open Challenging puzzles, a story that integrates all the games and a creepy factor that had me hooked for hours. More please!!! In a sea of cutesy games, this game is quirky and dark and so much fun! The spooky story keeps you wanting more 🔮 I have played all of the other games from cube escape and this game it totally worth 2$. This game is dark and awesome with fun puzzles. Can't wait for the ninth game!!! Awesome game ... or too short given the price tag. But a very nice and unique style with some dark humour. I bought this game because I played ALL of the others. They are very well made, challenging, and just to the point of creepy that it keeps you tense but you won't have to watch Disney movies afterwards. Only the second phone game I've bought and I believe it is well worth it! Quite possibly one of the coolest, most engaging games I have played on the android. I actually found the Cube Escape series first which led me here and, based on the style and cleverness of the Cubes, I didn't think twice about buying Rusty Lake. Have to say not only am I not disappointed,  but I am even more invested in the franchise. It reminds me of the games from the early 90s which were puzzle or word based (Indiana Jones Atlantis, the Hugo series). Well done and can't wait for more. I must be the exception to the rule. Played plenty of puzzle games but I just don't get this. Best game series ever!!! Like the other 6.Just wondering how it would look in VR? 😎 I enjoyed playing the game, but I expected a little more from a paid for app. It's not much longer than seasons. Best game ever! Excellent game, really addictive, 100% recommended LOVE THESE GAMES!! Keep it up, i need more!!! &lt;3 Rusty Lake Hotel is twisted, dark and wickedly humorous. The puzzles are very clever and enjoyable to solve - with the exception of those musical monkeys and their freaky, red eyes, grrr!!! Couldn't help feeling sorry for poor old Mr. Boar; what a way to go. Can't wait for more! :D I love this series! It's so different from anything I've ever played, but I wish each episode was a little longer. I love it so much I actually paid to play! I got my sister hooked on Hotel, and she's never played the rest of them! I can't wait for the next one! (or two, or three, or four! Lol) A very exciting game with lots of dark humour! Looking forward to playing the next one :) Love love love! Excellent game. Loved it. Nice and sick I dont usually purchase games, but after playing a few other Rusty Lake games I decided why not. I am so happy I did, this game is awesome! Has some really great puzzles (got stuck on a few and had to use the walkthrough) and I really enjoy the overall premise of the game. Loved the whole series. More please. I really enjoyed playing this game. Great drawings!! Just went thru all of the cube escapes and this one as well - Bravo on all of them! Glad to give back to the developer, especially on apps not requiring permissions - 100 stars on that alone! 👏 Looking forward to more app - Keep up the good work :). I liked the cube stories OK. They were dark and different. This was just not for me. The whole story was gross, and the Mr. Boar chapter nearly made me vomit. I have full respect for all that love it. We all have our own tastes. I like certain kinds of games that others may hate. I love several games that are dark. I don't mind death or murder being a part of a game. But this story line went way over my threshold with Mr. Boar. I am done with this series. I love the Rusty Lake Cube Escape games and this game doors not disappoint. Well worth supporting the developer, really enjoyed this. This dev is a genius only one thing though. The radio in Mrs pigeons room has a bug for me. Can't get the key even with following the instructions on the poster This entire series is fantastic. I was a bit wary about the price given the amount on content in the free games but this one is sufficiently long enough to justify the price. Where as the other games I finished in a single sitting this one took me 3 or 4 sessions. 1. Can't skip intro, after having to reset the game twice it starts to get old. 2. Can't backtrace to correct mistakes, once you enter the wrong room you won't have the right ingredients and you're stuck, with no advance warning. 3. There's no reset on the puzzles so one misclick (for example the completely nonsensical water puzzle in Mr. Deer's room) and you're stuck. Pity as these are game ruining mistakes you did not make in the free games (played them all and they're awesome!) Brilliant & entertaining! really different! Absolutely fantastic, continuously challenging the mind. Bring out more!! I have a samsung galaxy  10.1 . Is there  no way to fix this ? Thanks for quick reply .         Inside the hotel, I only have a black background and no pretty wallpaper ! Its making the game harder as I cant see things  like strings in mr boars room. Ive uninstalled and reinstalled but still have same problem Brill game.... make more please Creative and out of the box, clever puzzles. Wasn't into the killing theme Absolutely enjoyed it! Def never played anything quite like it!  I was curious - however - what the "Secret Code" was for? All I can say is I wish it was longer! Love all your games. Well done. And thank you very much for the free Cube games. AND for not requiring any permissions on my device. You're rare in respecting my privacy and security. I'll keep buying your games because of all the above. It's perfect.  Mysterious, challenging, macabre, dark... Really really exceptional work!!  If you've come this far in curiosity of what this game is, you owe it to yourself to download Very good point and click puzzle game. Worth every penny. Look forward to more Awesome game, beautifully executed! Very good, one of my favourite. Special environmental, little scary, nice job. My daughter and I love every last one of your games. Please keep them coming. Excellent. Definitely one of the best puzzle games out there, highly recommended! Great mobile games, among the best, played all the free cube escape episodes and now about to get stuck into this one. Would love to see these on PSN and XBL. Its so weird midway through it... You forget how messed up it is! :) But great game! Rusty lake exceeds itself by making yet another story oriented thriller. I'm hooked to the game and love the storyline, something only few android games can provide. Five stars. No less. Bravo. Keep it up. Normally I don't like escape rooms, but this one has such a nice and intriguing story, that you really want to finish it. The puzzles are also great Excellent! Can't find the optional ingredients though. Knees It was challenging and intriguing. Only set back is that it was so short!! Somehow radio in pigeon's room just does not work. A pattern is right there. I tried to rotate knobs fast and slow with no result. I even watch video walkthrough, which show me that pattern is indeed correct, but no luck.  Great game, nevertheless. Update: and that was around 15th try when all works) Good overall experience. I don't know why more people haven't bought this game, it is absolutely fantastic. Great story line, music is spot on, and I love Mr owls voice! It makes the game perfect.  But...what do I do with the secret code?!?! I like the story, graphics ad morbidity. I am a reasonably intelligent, college grad and I never would have made it through without looking up hacks. So interesting! I restarted this game 5 times because one small mistake can permanently affect the rest of the game. This is a beautiful game with a great storyline.  The hotel perfectly ties in with the story in the other games. It's a shame I had to end up using a walkthrough too often in order to get the order of actions correct. Having to use a walkthrough too often makes gameplay seem pointless and tedious.  Otherwise this is a GREAT game, it only needs adjustments. One of the best I mean the best.it had a awsome story, it was  dark and lots of puzzle. loved it so much pls make another to finish the story. Please I beg you. Very fun and interesting game This is the swagist game eber Good but too short I am going to give this game a good review because of the crisp, clear art style and the intense atmosphere. I was too spooked to keep playing because I knew the atmosphere would creep into my dreams. Does someone want to tell me how it ends? Reminds me of a Sierra game called The Colonel's Bequest. Very very very short. But then I hadn't realised the other (FREE) games also done by Rusty Lake. So if I think that what I paid for this covers all the games together, then its excellent value :-) Brilliant puzzle, loved it xx :Excellent. These games have always been beautiful and challenging! Rusty Lake Hotel is no different from the rest. You are definitely able to complete this game in a day. However I don't recommend doing that because you still have to wait for the next one which could come out this month or later this year! But don't let that discourage you, get this game you will enjoy getting to feed your guests to the other guests. Because that is what you do. I love the game, it's beautifully creative and creepy and I'll definitely be checking out the other games from this developer. However, I've had to start the game all over again 3 times now since I want 3 stars on each dinner which is simple enough but every time I make a mistake I have to reset it to be able to get the ingredients I need. It would be so much better if I could start again from the last dinner I made. Please please please make this happen as I'm getting really tired of starting over Loads of fun for puzzle solvers Brilliant games It looks badly made, i would pay for this back in the 90s not now. Plus it consumes alot of power running in the background which is not all that great since its a port. Now i dont know how to get a refund. I'm glad I came across the rusty lake games. They are the best puzzle and mind boggling games I have come across. Would definitely  recommend Loves like all y'alls other games. Favorite part was the end o.o with the detective or whom ever is riding up o.O All of the games by this developer really unique and entertaining. The plots are  creepy and unsettling,  but also darkly humorous. Like if Wes Anderson starting making horror movies. $1.99 is a steal for this (the other games are free!). Don't hesitate on getting this. I enjoyed it too much (played the whole thing in a day)! My only complaint is that now I'm addicted and I need more in my life. More!!!! Great quest I loved this game. Finished in one night will be downloading to be continued chapters. .. Play the early ones first though. They are awesome adventure games Nothing like I expected. A surprise find and one of the best puzzle game I've played. Best series of games ever, and best of the series so far! Rusty lake hotel?, Damned thing will not open. Loved every second of this game...  Since I paid for this installment, I did not seek help, which took awhile:). Well worth the efforts!!  Wish I knew how to use the secret code?  Does that date(?) fit somewhere?  What is up with the basement/floor (-1)???? I love the dark and twisted humour of it. But where it fails is that the puzzles are too random. It's mostly a question of trying everything with everything. I never felt a sense of accomplishment when I'd solved a puzzle. I was mostly just exhausted from combining random stuff, one of which just worked.  But good story. There's nothing wrong with the look and feel of it. Played this one twice to get all the stars and the additional secret object out of the lock box. Nice work as always.  Now I'm curious,  if you hit the black cubes at the end to match the music box song will it do something special?  Bring on the "to be continued"!! I love puzzle games. This one stumped me for a while. Can't believe how creepy it was, not bad.  Good hahaha I NEEEEED the next one. I wish it was longer but the price was right for  what it was.  Looking forward to the next release This game is so creepy-pretty I found myself taking screenshots in every room. The puzzles are fun and the plot is delightfully clever. I can't wait to give the devs more money for another fabulous game. Cool horror puzzler. Enjoyed it. I picked up this game on a whim and found it to be macabre, odd, and enjoyable experience. But then I downloaded the other games by Rusty Lake and was blown away to learn that all their games revolve around a paranormal story arc. It took me about two weeks to get through them all and don't have to be played in any particular order. Bought it... Love it! Looking forward to more challenging Rusty Lake games. The puzzles aren't much of a challenge. took me a couple hours to run through the game. but the soundtrack is quite good. I wish there were a place in the app to just listen to the whole soundtrack. The art is also interesting. As a combined package if the story, puzzles, art and sound. It was an okay game. Amazing game, dark and funny, great soundtrack. Puzzles are good too Different than what i usually play but very enjoyable. Nice game. Challenging. A little bit too easy at times. The game was good. Some great puzzles and a great little story line, but it was one of the shortest games ive ever played! I really liked this game. The puzzles were hard enough to be challenging but not so hard that I was constantly stuck. I enjoyed the aesthetics and creepy nature of the game. The only complaint is that I wish it was a bit longer. Beautiful, witty, and creepy But short :0 Too ummm errrr. Cant decribe it. Not interested. Uninstalled.. waiting for refund.. Dark and humorous. The little extras make me want to replay it. I'd buy another one of their games in a heartbeat. Kooky,  different' thank god Nice and smooth story. Love it. Enjoyable. Dark. I can't wait for part 2 D/L all the cubes   they're all great Got stuck with Mr Boar near the end, found out that I needed to just click/the screen in the right area. Crazy game but great puzzles and funny and creepy. Love it.  But what do I do with my secret code? Odd, but enjoyable Love it! This was my first experience with Rusty lake games. Great art, excellent story, and fun puzzlyes. Nice puzzle game with a chilling story Brilliant game. Restarting levels would have been better than the whole game Definitely worth it I would buy another one when it comes out Fun but disappointing ending. Great set of games! Look forward to future installments Loved this game! so tricky and great, I played the free ones first and then paid for this one. Cute. Fun. Twisted. Just really glad it was made. Love this, but I'm determined to make every dinner a 3 star meal!  The white wine has been a problem, I see it when I'm supposed to see it, but can't pick it up.  Nevermind, after another try I was able to pick up the white wine.  5 stars for you guys! Could have been more Like it When I take the photo of Ms. Pheasant the game just shuts down, every time. Very irritating since I really liked the game! (I have Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. New phone.) Cant see half the rooms for the black. Chnaging browsers hasnt solved this either. Creepy but fun Absolutely IN LOVE with all Rusty Lake and how this chapter fits. Loving it until Mr rabbits room , won't let me knife the hand .! Frustrated as I can't leave the room ... The game is cool you must download it i just wish they would update the game Loved it!! Black background on my Samsung tab3 impossible to play. Good thinking game.  Albeit short.  Waiting for more. Although it might not be my favourite game within the Rusty Lake saga, this is another masterpiece of creepy weirdness! Please keep them coming fast, I'd love to play some more! Played every game, really enjoyable Challenging puzzles and a twisted theme This is a great game. It has a cool mixture of macabre and comedic elements. The puzzles are difficult enough to make you think without making you beat your head into the wall with frustration. The graphics are very atmospheric. I got a couple of good hours out of my first play through, but I know I missed somethings and will be playing again. Please keep them coming!! Super entertaining, I loved the dark element to this game. My only complaint is that it was way too short. Would love to see a longer more in depth game! challenging and macabre.  Quite different but loved it. Great sick twisted humor. Challenging puzzles. Problem is it won't open on my nexus 9 running Android 6.01. Please fix.          Update. Can open from app manager not shortcut. Minor annoyance, but easily overlooked, as game is incredible. Replay value high. Great work devs!! Twisted plot, cool puzzles, definately fun, what's for dinner? I'm hungry! Well done puzzle game. This company never fails to make one think outside the box, even if you're stuck in one. Good story too, really freaked me out at first. So glad it's not :D Sooooo Addictivly mind boggling,  could not put it down!! Great. But the game is just too short. I found out that if I make one mistake the only way to fix it is to start over from the very beginning. No way in hell I'm doing that. I will never know what the Secret Rusty Lake Specialty is. Want my money back. Does not even start up. It just crashes and that's it. Hopefully this is fixed fast as I really want to play it. Update: I contacted the developers and  they provided me with a free PC key and even offered to give me a refund and are very helpful and nice. For that you definitely deserve 5 stars and as soon as that problem is resolved I will change it to 5 stars. You guys made me buy the first app ever and I have to say it was amazing!! Brilliant!!! Loved it but I just can't figure out what to do with the secret code..I've searched everywhere on the web but no clue..Great game though..If somebody has any clue please let me know..Keep up the good work!! This game was just as weird and great and beautifully drawn as the developers' earlier works. I'm happy that my two bucks have gone to support their cause. Great game. Lovely atmosphere, had a difficult time with two of the puzzles. The monkeys and the radio were a but irritating. Aside from that it was a real pleasure to play. And I mean that in the best and worst ways! Gameplay is super! Storyline....i reiterate: twisted and sick! Waiting patiently for the next one. Had an eery feeling. Unique in its puzzles and mood. Best hidden object game I have played yet. Love the smooth game play, creative storyline & classy graphics. Can't wait to see more! I have played all the games! I really love them! Keep up the good work! (What do is the secret code for? After you get all the stars?) Killer Rusty Lake wouldn't run on my Shield K1. Support couldn't immediately fix the problem, but they were prompt, courteous, and did right by me. Played all six cube games ❤❤❤❤ but thay are all for free. I almost want to make a donation to you guys 'cause the games are just tooooo good. But finally you make this game so that I could have something to pay for. LUV YOU GUYS, GO ON MAKING SOME MORE GREAT GAMES!   P.S, restart 5 or 6 times now I've found all the ingridients (5 stars for my self as well(๑•̀ㅂ•́)و✧) Every time i play your games, connections to everywhere... What's.bothering me is that who exactly are we playing as. Looking forward to the next one I'm hoping it'll be free so i can play it in web because I'm afraid my phone is too slow to run your games. Good game- I thought seasons was better- but still good Best surrealist p&c game out there, hands down. Awesome job, Rusty Lake crew! Super fun! :) I haven't seen artistry woven into story and game play like this since the submachine series.  It's so refreshing to see something so planned and polished.  Well deserving of the price and star rating, if it were 5 times longer I would have gladly paid 5 times as much.  Keep up the good work! Wait for this for so long! Graphic is better, and story line is more complex and interesting. Definitely will support every Rusty Lake game. Ps. Can you add support for Immersive Mode for devices have no physical buttons? Didn't get all the stars...but way fun...finished in one sitting...about 3.5 hours...NEED another Rusty Lake game...played all of them...top 2 of my favorites so far, of this type of puzzle games...thanks so much! Rusty Lake continues to combine surreal horror with unique style and clever gameplay.  Glad to support this playable art. Cannot wait until the next installment! Keep them coming! You guys have the honor to be the only/first game app I've EVER bought in my life. I just love all of your games. Keep making this goodness and bizarre stuff please; I'm off to rock my brain with this beauty. Since all the previous games were awesome, but free, and this one costs money, I had really high expectations... and wasn't disappointed! I think the ending is what makes it so good because that's where it really ties into the story. I found the puzzles in this one to be a little more challenging than in previous Cube escapes, and I would also say that some parts were a little more disturbing than was typical of previous games in the series, but that's just me. It also took a long time to finish which is great. Love Cube Escape!! Great game! I love all of the Rusty Lake games. They are incredibly creative. Thanks for all of the hard work that I'm sure goes into all of them. Everything is so nonsensical, and not all makes perfect, real-world sense, but it has a style that allows that to be acceptable. It's a cool game overall. If you like the other 5 games, you'll enjoy this as well. Just spend the 2 bucks to support a developer that is doing something cool and different.  Keep it coming, guys! At first I was weary to buy Rusty Lake Hotel but, I was stupid to be so. Because, this is the best Rusty Lake game yet! All the rooms have the weird (and sometimes dark) humor, mixed with brilliant puzzles and scares that I look forward to in every Cube Escape game. Plus one of the best cliff hangers I've ever seen in a game. Unique but can't find certain ingredients.  Walkthrough isn't helping.  Is there a certain order to get them all? Loved every single game! Excellent. As are all of the Rusty Lake creations. Really enjoyed the story amd the puzzles. Hope there are more "origin stories" to explain the mystery of Rusty Lake. Потрясающе! Прошел уже абсолютно все ваши игры, рад чтоб купил платные игры тоже Great game would recommend more rusty lake games please Love everything about all of your games Amazing game, just like the rest of the series! I'm almost done with the whole series. For the paid ones, it is worth every penny. I enjoyed it a lot Another good one from Rusty Lake. It has a very eerie storyline, but the puzzles are fun - easy enough to not be frustrating, but just difficult enough to keep it interesting. I like how all of the games are connected somehow with the lake. They all stand alone but have a similar feel. I love these games by Rusty Lake. I love the story behind it and even the graphics and animation is so cool!! I love this series of games and have played all of them so far. But with this one, I can't even get past the beginning because theres only one arrow to allow me to click out of my task, and it's not working at all, so I'm stuck on that same screen. Edit: Downgrading it to one star, because I can't get a refund, but also, I reset my progress then uninstalled it. When I reinstalled it, it took me to the screen of my pre reset progress. 🧠🤯💥 Challenging game, most puzzles can be solved without using the walkthrough. There are 50 hidden achievements, though, and I only found about 25. Fun, worth the price! Totally addictive and creepy. ❤ I have to agree with something someone said previously, the free games are much harder to complete and actualy need you to turn your brain ON. The paid versions are so bad that you just have to click randomly in order to complete, a total ripoff, and to make things worse I can't get a refund because it's against their policy. Otherwise I loved the free versions, they were challenging and in some manners hard. These versions seem like they were made for 5 year olds, not worth it. Sorry. Great game Definitely one of the creepier games in the series. But the game itself is good. Compulsive, intriguing' interminably frustrating - loved it Worth every penny ;) I love everything rusty lake. Although I almost never spend money on apps, once I finished all free games I bought the paid ones without a doubt. They're definitely worth it. Ahhhhhh this was so goood!!! I definitely recommend playing hotel and samsara room first but honestly all their games are so good. Amazing 👏 🙀 😮 I've been playing through all of the Rusty Lake games, and they're all great. Paradise is by far the best pay to play from Rusty Lake. Took some time to play and figure out wothout walkthrough, which made it more worth it. The ending: very cool. Absolutely ADDICTIVE!!! Nice Absolutely awesome and well worth the cost. The rusty lake games are all amazing but this one was one of my favourites along with Rusty Lake hotel. Great story and puzzles which I had to look up the answers to after getting stuck a couple times. An intriguing game with an incomprehensible narrative that's fun to play. The strange characters are whimsical and add to the enjoyment, and while the puzzles are challenging, they are all solvable. It can take a while to figure out what they require of you. Overall, a solid recommend, on par with others in the Rusty Lakes canon. Not the best of Rusty's, but I still need this game to satisfy my craving of Rusty's. Bizarre but fun. Knew what would happen by the 8th plague I've played all the rusty lake games twice over. They are entertaining, stimulating and draw you in as if you were reading an addictive book. Thank you everyone and I hope there are more to come🙏 I've purchased all of the rusty lake games on steam, I've loved them all. Great puzzles, challenging, creepy and unusual. I played them from start to finish all at once. Roots and the cube collection are my favorites but I enjoyed hotel as well. This game however severely lacks, easily the weakest due to repetition. One annoying and boring puzzle you have to complete 5 times on EVERY SINGLE PLAGUE. Plague 9 was the worst 😫. But still a huge fan of the developers, just not this game Love these dudes. Need a sixth star. Love rusty lake games Excellent game Fantastic to get some backstory to this engaging series. This one has many details to discover, and so has surprisingly high replay value. Very very fun! Creepy-cool, just like all Rusty Lake games. Sometimes a bit difficult though Love this game. My fave level is no. 9 the rusty lake are slightly macabre but I like them. I suppose i'm a bit biased when it comes to rusty lake and the cube series as i absolutely love every single one of their games. I find myself just wanting more and more and eagerly await the next game by the wonderful guys & gals at rusty lake. Hours spent trying to solve this game and well worth it too!! Buy it. Every Rusty Lake game deserves to be bought. The quality is so fantastic - entertainment wise, art wise, puzzle wise!!! They even have a short film people!!! Personally I miss Dect. Dale. The cube series is amazing. GET THIS GAME!!! magnificent I am obsessed with the Cube/Rusty Lake games but I believe I hit a glitch at Plague 10. I've reset it multiple times and even followed the walk through to see if I was missing a step. The drum puzzle when first started will not show the black stamp of the statues. I did the correct order of the drum per the walk through and the bone will not fall from the string. I'm about to give up because I've done all other puzzles allowed up until this point and it seems I'm stuck. Such a shame. A little straight sometimes. Absurd on other, but interesting and fun as a whole Loved it Super fun I am sorry I purchased this game. No valuable hints, walkthroughs are full of horrible ads, so you feel stuck without help. Uninstalled. it is a really fun game, some of the puzzles i kept getting mad at. awesome :) Eerie! I'm a big fan of the cube escape games, however, there is no sugar coating it, this is the worst game they have made. The puzzles are almost exclusively trial and error, nothing thought provocing... Super disappointing game, their free games are much better than their paid. Hotel was average as well. Do better guys, all of the magic found in the other games is not found here. A waste.. Great game, wish there were some hints available rather than just a walkthrough. The story and puzzles are good. I've played a few free Rusty Lake games and wanted something longer so bought this. I thought that the story was able to develop more with a longer game, but I still wish it went deeper for more engagement. Similar themes as other games but almost all of the puzzles had different mechanics and kept me challenged. I enjoyed playing at night before bed to relax. Leave the theme song on for a bit, reminds me of Laura's Theme. Btw Twin Peaks vibes are especially strong in this one. Ty RL! <3 Okay that one is scary! Грустно. После серии cube escape, эта игра совершенно не захватывает, всё очевидно и даже думать не надо, просто тыкать туда сюда. Очень жаль, остальные платные игры брать не буду. After having played all 10 games in the free Cube series, and having enjoyed all of them A LOT, I thought I give one of the premium games a try, so I bought and started playing this one. The game is just as entertaining as I had come to expect, and you do get the money's worth because of the length of the story and game compared to the free ones. But to my great dismay, turns out they this one has a sick obsession with killing and hurting animals. Not cool. Rusty lake are some of my fav games. This one is Fantastic! Well worth the buy imo 🖤 So odd and fascinating at the same time So much fun, and I loved the creepiness. Wonderful experience, puzzles were challenging and the story was dark as we have come to expect. Had to come back and give ratings since i bought and played every one of these. The best puzzle / escape type games on the market, period. Thank you for such an awesome collection. I ❤️ the Rusty Lake series I'm playing the games out of order but I love it! I started with Samsara's Room 5 ⭐! Then Paradox 5 ⭐! Then The White Room, eh it was just okay. Then Hotel, which was great but not in the same league as Paradox and Paradise. Paradise started out kinda easy, or maybe I'm adjusting to the puzzles Rusty Lake uses, idk. But, it was intriguing. Made it all the way to Chapter 8: Darkness before needing help. Easy chapter once I made it through the gate. Overall, Amazing game! On to the next game! I loved this. Some Eilender storyline. Amazing. I really loved the astrology stuff too. Now I'm off to find another rusty lake I haven't played yet. Anything Rusty Lake is worth it. Far and away the best escape room type games out there, great puzzles, a great continuing story with a great mythology, I find myself reading fan theories about the story for hours even. Haven't ever found a better mobile series than this. This game is great and moved along nicely until I had to build a snowman. The branch on the small tree in front of the snowman will not break off with use if the snowball. I am on an Android pad (maybe that's the problem). I guess I won't be able to complete the game. 😪 Thanks for tip. I was able to complete the game. Keep up the good work. All these games were a lot of fun. More than happy to buy the few that required a purchase. Amazing Fantastic, as always. Interesting game Very entertaining and challenging, I recommend this game. Just found it not so challenging as most of Rusty Lake free games. Wow! It was awesome! Thanks! Increíblemente desconcertante / Todo Rusty Lake es muy recomendable Your games are the only ones I've ever purchased. And they are totally worth it! I've already finished all of them so eagerly waiting for the next one. Thank you so much! All these Rusty Lake games are excellent. This one required a bit more scrolling around between screens than the others which is not my favourite way to play but it is still excellent. Challenging puzzles had me thinking hard and taking notes. I would have liked some way to know how many Achievements to look out for while i was still in the game. I finished with only half of them completed but didn't really see a way to figure out where i missed what. Still 5 stars. Have played all Rusty Lake games and I am hooked! Need more games to pass what little time I have to myself! Enjoyed this game and the puzzles. It is delightfully macabre, suŕreal and warped as one would expect from a Rusty Lake game (Not for children). Some puzzles were very simple but a few foxed me even after I had watched the walkthrough. Note: Sometimes better hints are in the comments under the walkthroughs. Super enjoyable game. Some of the puzzles are quite challenging, but the walk through option is useful. Nice! I normally love all the Rusty late games but this stupid bee hive is ridiculous. I know what to do but my fat fingers can't press all the holes at the same time! Very frustrating I can see 4 bees but can't get any further it ALWAYS resets! There's no way to continue the game until you pass this. I had my husband and teenager attempt and they are only able to get to 4 bees also before it resets. The walk through didn't help because we already knew what to do, just can't do it. The Rusty Lake games are all so much fun to play! The puzzles are awesome and so fun to do! I would recommend them to anyone. They are our (me and my husband's) favorite mobile games of all time! I am always looking for new ones... Once you start playing one, you cannot stop playing! Thanks to the makers... Your imaginations are truly special! I love their games, Rusty Lake makes some great games, somr of them can get a bit confusing especially with trying to get all the achievements, but they are amazing!!!! All other Rusty Lake games were super cool. This one is significantly worse. It gets boring with the same location over and over. The riddles are sometimes trivial clicks. And be warned that games is sometimes disgusting - like extracting meat from animals or retrieving objects from extrements etc. If you skip this one it will be only better for your Rusty Lake experience. Disappointing, sorry. I love all of the rusty lake games, although this one won't allow me to get the other arm for the snowman so I cant finish the game. That was so good!! What a cool story! The puzzles got kind of frustrating but eventually I got them. It's funny that you can tell every voice is a man's voice, but it was a good game. Definitely worth the purchase. I love all the Rusty Lake games, but this one is my favorite. Rusty Lake games are my ultimate favorite!!! If you're a Rusty Lake fanatic like myself, I highly Recommend this one! Sooo worth it!! If you love Rusty Lakes don't do this to yourself 😜. All their games are amazing, thrilling and intriguing. Apart from this one. I always completed the games really fast, however I have no motivation to complete this one, its been on my phone for weeks. I am ditching it and going for the final game I haven't played yet, The White Door. Damn you, RL; take my money! Take it now! *shakes fist* ... Really, though. Best games for phone I've ever played. Maybe consider a console version 🤔 ingenious story line, artistically done, lovable characters. A cult classic in the making, truly! Very satisfying Why are the free ones creepy or scary, but the ones I purchase just are just flat? Challenging and addictive! Love all of the Rusty Lake games. This one was the hardest for me. Overall I rate the game highly but compared to other rusty lake games I would say it is not as good. Especially due to the constant going back and forth - it felt tedious. I liked the astrological element. Ten levels all full of mystery and satisfying eeriness. It's a tradition for me and my partner to sit down and play through these strange puzzles together. Always fun, always engaging, always stimulating. Love the whole Rusty Lake series Another great game with dark spooky bits. I enjoyed all of the different types of puzzles and felt like I was in a horror film. Rusty Lake games are my all time favorite! I have played and bought every single one! Super sad I have no more to play, but hands down my favorite escape games so far!! Amazing work!! Love the stories and the familiar theme in all of them. Well done!!! I look forward to future games, if there will be any :) Great story, great gameplay. I need more rusty lake games. Played all of them invluding their recent Samsara room and White door. It's challenging and haunting at the same time Good game. Excellent! Like all the other games! Such a freaky game! Well done! Great game. Difficult, but great! The only game that i know for sure my money is not going to waste I've played all of the Rusty Lake games and enjoyed them, however this one is the most disappointing. Very straightforward most of the time and puzzles range from inane to outlandish (in a bad way this time). Only a minority of the puzzles is in the sweet spot of challenging and intriquing. Amazing game!!! Played all the free ones and now this one, just bought the other 2. Absolutely brilliant games!! Fun puzzle game. Sometimes rather dark humor. I am absolutely obsessed with all of the Rusty Lake games. The attention to detail, graphics, creepy aspect. I love it! 🖤🖤🖤🖤 Amazing game! The drum part clicking seems a bit off Excellent! I downloaded a random cube escape game when searching for a "point and click" game, and instantly fell in love with the series. As someone who went to school for creative writing and art, I love the weird story and the art style. Playing through the series has helped my anxiety at night when I can't sleep. Now I've played all the free and premium ones (and I NEVER purchase games or take the time to review apps). Can't wait to see what you come out with next! I love all the Rusty Lake games! Especially loved Paradise and storyline. Rusty Lake is such a welcome and intriguing distraction during lockdown. Love the illustration style, love the puzzles and most of all, the dark/sober storylines. Will simply just have to replay them all. Very atomspheric and creepy. Great puzzles and usual and very cool wickerman theme You're just the best at this. Head and shoulders. You make wish I could afford a tablet, but still immensely happy to pay the (relatively meagre) sum, to enjoy beautiful, vexing, tactile games. Already 5 stars and I've not even started playing. I don't need to. I know already. Played all the free games, they got me through lockdown, I DM'd the guys to ask about donating and they don't have that option... just said feel free to download the premium games so that's what I'm doing. I know it's 5 stars without even playing the game. RUSTY LAKE ARE THE BEST. Still wish I could donate a small sum. Like £20 to show my appreciation Please let me know if you you can please do that? XXX Great fun, don't usually pay for games this series is worth the expense. Brilliant, I love the whole Rusty lake series. I've just had to self isolate for two weeks and these have kept me going! Worth the £3, really enjoyed this one, onto the next Had so much fun! Spent almost half a day completing all the levels at one go because I couldn't stop. Enjoyed Plague 9 thoroughly. Thank you to RL team for making this ingenious game. Extremely glad I bought the game. No regrets at all! 😍 I have redownloaded all RL games and just purchased this one... binging time. Edited: just finished the game after 1 week .. i am so happy to finish this wonderful game.. if you want to enjoy as much as i do, do everything on your own .. stop when you are tired so you can look at each puzzle with fresh eyes... i truly enjoy the story!!! Awesome work once again rusty lake!!!!! All of these games are amazing. Wish there were more! Its okay. 10 levels, same map. Not a lot of things to click on....feels like a lot of guessing fetch quests strung together. A couple bugs, like audio issues playing over and over forcing player to restart game. Relatively easy gameplay....dont understand all the 5 star reviews....its not a perfect game and especially for the $$$ All the Rusty Lake games make my life better. :) Bit too short for me, especially considering the price. Still loved it though! Exceptional addition to Series .... challenging puzzles and wonderful story continues... Highly Recommended! Already bought (some) and downloaded all Rusty Lake games. Money well spent... but I just can't wait for the mystery to continue. I hope they stick to the storyline. 😍😍😍 Brilliant. This is an awesome addition to the RL universe. Really liked the characters and the story line. VERY worth the money. Gripping and fun! Great puzzle game. Most Rusty Lake games are free. Some cost a small amount. You can bring in the whole family, apart from young children, to solve the puzzles. Get stuck and there are walkthroughs available. The gameplay is constant through the games. Some puzzles are extremely difficult to fathom but many can be solved with ingenuity and deduction. 😀🤪🥴🧐😬😳😣😫🥺😮🤓🤔😎 ..... Just about to watch a walk through of Paradise. Two hours!!! ..... 🥴 Fantastic game enjoyed many hours solving the puzzles very relaxing. Keep up the good work. Love Rusty Lake games. Great. Tricky in some bits but rewarding when you get through. Eerie storyline and a good length. Give it a go! Another great addition to this series of games. Rusty lake never disappoints So creepy and wonderful! Reminds me of the Wicker Man. Great game. Some of the puzzles were kind of tedious or too amiguous. I had to look up walkthrus a few times. However, overall the game was engaging and most of the puzzles just require some thought and exploration. I don't regret buying it. Love the rusty lake games but im giving this one 1 star because im not able to finish , my fiance and i have played and purchased several of the Rusty lake games . However i have run into a problem on the rusty lake paradise one we are currently on plague 5 , and cant get past the goat where you connect the dots . We even watched the walkthrough and still no luck . The dots on the walkthrough are different than the ones on our game . Im aggravated because this is one of the games i purchased . Superb as always Amazingggg. Love and dove. Insanely good! I've been a Rusty Lake fan for years now, but this was the first time I played paradise and I loved it, such a great game for a good price. Keep them coming Rusty Lake, great job! super cool game. Puzzle are good, not super difficult to make frustration but not easy either Challenging, obsession-inducing, perfectly creepy. Quarantine perfection. This one took me forever to figure out! The puzzles were so much more challenging and kept your brain busy long after giving up for the day. I will buy everything Rusty Lake ever produces. This game was extra creepy and I loved it. They built well upon the theme of the 10 plauges of Egypt. It's challenging and addictive and the story is great. I really hope they do a sequel to this particular game. I love you, Rusty Lake! ❤💕 Graphics are artful and intriguing. Story can be a bit confusing at times, but the mystery is worth it. Gameplay is fun, demanding and rewarding. Music and SFX are appropriate, but at times annoying. (Both are opt-out.) Kudos to RL for creating a world. You may grow weary of it, or enveloped in it. Beware. Not much to add to what others have said - all games by RL are awesome. Just adding my vote for hints: the walkthrough is great but it gives the solution, whereas I would appreciate the opportunity to figure it out myself. I recall one RL free game where you had the option to watch an add to get a hint (not a solution!) - I wish this we're added to the paid versions as well. Keep up the great work, RL team! Wonderfully eery. Did David Lynch have something to do with this game? Intriguing, enjoyable and challenging. The story line is a bit odd,but then so is this game. Thats why is so entertaining. These Rusty Lake games have been getting me through iso. I love the creepy vibes and clever puzzles. Thanks! Love it! Awesome! Please help i cant stop. I spent several hours yesterday playing through Roots and Im back today for more of this series. I really need sleep but theres time for that later. Love all the rusty lake games! Great Simply amazing After playing just about every puzzle-type game, Rusty Lake games are my favorite. The storyline are unique, and a little dark. The puzzles range in difficulty, but the goal is clear, and the solutions are logical. I can't get enough of Rusty Lake games! More please! Wonderful Excellent game Killer Fantastic game! Fun, funny, great story and artwork. The puzzles were just challenging enough, I loved it. Super fun!!! Super engaging I really enjoyed this Great, as always! I have been a huge fan of Rusty Lake for a while. I have played all of their games multiple times, and they're fun every time. I love everything this studio does! I would love it if they had some merch, i.e a hoodie or tote. Excellence game. By far what are the best games on the market I enjoy the game but I've tried played it multiple times and never moved past one particular part, despite giving up and following the walkthrough. So frustrating, I've just given up, again. I enjoyed this one quite a bit, but it did touch a little too much on my squick factors with some stuff (the outhouse, for instance). I'm used to there being a degree of that in these games, but it felt a little excessive in this one. Other than that, it was an interesting way to tell the story and left me wanting to continue to the next chapter after I completed each one! This game is an addicting masterpiece. Also a little creepy at times! I enjoyed this game. Very cool and macabre. Worth the money for sure. An amazing game! Brilliant graphics and storyline with excellent game play and variety of puzzles Love the series and stories!! Looking forward to seeing the next game! Edit 01: YEA!!! Love that and all dimensions!! And congratulations for the 5th anniversary!!! Happy birthday! Rusty lake! Another great rusty lake game with great story!! Absolutely fantastic! I love all of the Rusty Lake games but this one along with Birthday are definably the best! It's worth the money for sure Rusty Lake never fails to amaze! Very entertaining and just weird enough. Love it. Thanks Rusty Lake. I've deleted my previous review by mistake (it was 5 stars) and still 5 stars ! Earlier I mention I was having a problem in the 7th plague "the hail" it turns out I didn't upgrade the snow globe (I saw that when a dev replied to another user having the same issue) so it's not a glitch people. Anyway. This game is just marvellous. Worth every dime I paid ! I'm going to install the next game right away ! Keep it up rusty lake peeps <3 Enjoyable puzzles Engaging and creepily intriguing Can't move forward....stuck on Plague 7....Hail....because I am unable to get the branch off the tree no matter how many times I use the snow globe. I have watched the walkthrough. You are supposed to select the snowglobe and then click the branch and snowballs fall and knock the brach down. Nothing happens. Snowballs fall but branch stays. I have also reset the level and replayed, no luck. And I uninstalled/reinstalled....no luck This is the starting stories, so wonderfull to know every character's background. If you really enjoy the game series, you must buy this one ! I just simply like everything you guys make ;) Lots of different puzzles. Hard but not impossible. I've played through this game several times and I still can't imagine ever getting sick of it. The art, puzzles, and music are all fantastic. The story is also great and really fleshes out the Rusty Lake universe. Great game and many thanks to all who worked on it! All the Rusty Lake games are top notch Amazing. I addore all Rusty Lake games.. Like the others this one is amazing too!!! Thank you R. L team ❤️ Second best so far, only liked Roots better. Riddles are medium difficulty and probably easier after playing other parts of the series of which I'm quite a big fan of. I hope you know, that we are WAITING for some next games... Rusty Lake is the best puzzle and mystery game! It is difficult enough to keep you interested but not overly complex that you give up. The characters and storytelling is eccentric and addictive. I've played all of the Rusty Lake games. I need more!!! The best series on mobile. No other point and click puzzle game comes close Great game, well worth the purchase. No different from the other Rusty Lake games. ♡ Another success. Love Rusty lake games Really engaging - tough in parts and a good challenge Excellent game hours of fun I've played it over and over again. This is the most amazing game I've ever played through play store Loved it! I couldn't put the phone down :) I love your games guys! Excellent puzzles that get progressively more difficult. I liked this one, lots of levels Excellent! I can't express how great these games are, I love the music, the art style, the atmosphere, the story line, the game play. This is a must play as well as all the other Rusty lake games. I know some people are complaining about the walking and moving around room to room, but that's just their personal preference. I myself do prefer worldbbuilding and moving to different areas. You have a little bit of free will despite being trapped on the island with your crazy ass family. Just the best. I love these games so deeply. Been playing Rusty Lake games for years now and still love them (although I really hope I'll be able to understand the story at some point😅). I liked the game,but I give 4 stars of 5 only because I got tired of walking here and there along the path,from one building to another,to get clues. Especially the level with constellations. Had to walk the path tens of times to remember them....the rest is great as always. Puzzles are of different levels,some easy,some hard. Wonderful and intriguing storyline! I have played the entire series of stories! All with captivating characters, interesting plots & or themes and challenging puzzles to figure out/piece together... U guys do a marvelous job please keep up the amazing work!!!😉🥳🥳 Fully absorbing for days! With so many levels and varied puzzles, it is one of the more detailed rusty lake games (although I like them all in their own ways). Another fantastic game from Rusty Lake! Never disappoints!! Banging game!!!!! Awesome!!!! As usual!! Another great Rusty Lake game. Challenging and creepy as always but loads of fun. Definitely worth the 99p! Rusty Lake series are always fun and challenging. Not disappointed with Paradise. There are 10 levels in total. The only level that I don't like is the one with zodiac puzzles. Kinda difficult to remember zodiac signs and their constellations. This is an extremely long game and the graphics are quite good. Totally worth the dollar I spent. Puzzles are easy at first and ramp up toward the end (the 3 guitarists puzzle was really clever). Brilliant Goooooood😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊 Love Rusty Lake games..... Is Rusty Lake related to the old Submachine games? I always enjoy the Rusty Lake Puzzels very well done, hours of fun Not for me. I normally love point and click adventure/puzzle games but I just couldn't gel with this, glad I only paid a sale price for it. Some of the puzzles are very repetetive and boring Are y'all ever going to get tired of making awesome games? Outstanding as always Really amazing as always !!!!! How you guys are doing all your games so great ?. Big fan 👏👏👏👏 Great game. Interesting. Fun puzzles. Most are not too hard to the point of frustration. It's worth the money! This game is awesome! My boyfriend always said - spending money on mobile games is stupid. Today I played it, he got kind of curious what was going on. Instead of joining his buddies on pc, he kept playing with me. Some of this riddles are really hard. Now I'm on the way to get all of the achievements. This series is by far the best I have EVER played. I have never been more enthralled by a developer's line. One of the sickest point-n-click puzzle quests. Love it! Excellent will play all of these games im 66 great for the mind Sadly this was not one of best in the series, I do love Rusty Lake games but this one was disappointing the same scenes throughout very repetitive Nice To be clear, I absolutely love the Rusty Lake games. If there were more, it's all I would play over any other game app. However, the style of this particular game is similar to Rusty Lake Roots. I don't enjoy these two as much as the other games in the series. The other Rusty Lake games like Seasons, Birthday or Paradox are much better. This one wasn't enjoyable to me. I didn't even want to finish it. Others may love it but this one just wasn't my cup of tea. I love all these Rusty Lake games. But I implore the developers to please hire some actual voice talent to do the voice overs and character lines. It's so obvious that it's some programmer doing ALL the voices, male and female, badly, sounding a little like Brad Pitt's notoriously awful accent(s) in that old vampire movie. It really spoils the magical atmosphere of the game that the graphic artists, musicians and designers have worked so hard to achieve. 10/10 best stories I love your games! keep making more please! Played on a Galaxy Note 8 running 9.0 with the S Pen 🖋 I enjoy harder to solve puzzles that give you more play value than just running right through it to the end. This is that game which will make you think and test your memory! I hope you create more Rusty Lake puzzle adventures since I've now finished all 3 and enjoyed them all... I commend your story boarding abilities😎👍The only thing I have to add is maybe Google Play Achievement XP points for replay value for your Rusty Lake series. You know that sad feeling you get after you finish a really good book, like you're saying goodbye to a dear friend? That's how I feel now that I've finished all the Rusty Lake games. They're so beautiful and so intriguing, I crave more! For my favorite, it's a toss up between Paradise or Roots, they're both perfect. I only found about half of the achievements so at least I still have something to do but I'll definitely follow Rusty Lake for any future works. Thank you for the amazing experience! Perfect ! Meh... not into the puzzles. Will re-load another day?? 🤔 I want to like this, but the back button is unresponsive at the goat. I'm stuck. Request a refund Great puzzles and mini games. Very well done and good length play through. Super scary and awesome! Love the puzzles LOOKING FORWARD TO WHITE DOOR ON ANDROID!!! Heeey, September's over, still waiting immmmm-peysssshently )) A rare game that is worth paying for. Though some puzzles might seem familiar from earlier Rusty Lakes/Cubes or other point-and-clicks, the ambience is still that of mystery and suspense. Looking forward to new Rusty Lakes. A very very good game. If you're a lover of this genre, this is a must have in your phone! I wonder why Caroline researched on the elixir, what was her reasons? There was a flashback of Mr. Crow who hadn't born yet. So many questions, hope the new upcoming game give the answers. Recommended to anyone. Really love this game Gameplay worked well and artwork was exceptional, as usual, but I didn't find the story to be as captivating as Roots or Hotel. The fair amount of repeat-after-me song puzzles got tiresome, and each level seemed more of the same. I finished the game but wouldn't see myself replaying, as I would have with the others. Weakest of the series, very repetitive and pretty easy. Some of the puzzles have far too many levels to them and just get tedious. I've liked all the others I've played, this one is a miss though. Yes I got stuck a few times. Good fun anyways. The Rustylake series are my favourite games. This is a particularly good one. All the characters are here and their bleak humour at its best. Fun. Difficult at times but worth the money spent. Thanks guys I think this is the best one of the series. I also really like the idea of achievements; now I have an excuse to go back and play it again! I have nothing to say. The game is wonderful, like always. BRAVO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love the series hope u guys make more My favourite of the three premium rusty lake games. Love it. Worth buying all three considering all the cube escape games are free, so happy to pay for these if it means more new games! :D Excellent. This game is varied and has many different scenarios and puzzles and a weird edge to it. It keeps the mind occupied. as usual, amazing work from Rusty Lake team. Although, for something purchase, I expect the gameplay will be longer Previous Rusty Lake games have been fantastic. Not sure if there is a bad interaction with my phone, but the control on this one is terrible. Cannot get easy obvious things to trigger, even in the intro. It seems like they increased the specificity of the trigger significantly, which is making it much more difficult to progress. I tried for a while, but I give up. It took about 15 tries to get the latches on the first box in the boat to open. Would appreciate a refund. Not great. Creepy though. Not as good as RL Hotel Very repetitive puzzles. excellent... thank you, rusty lake, for being the most lovely creepy place. such a great game!! superb, as always love it! need more. lol loved it. puzzles were hard but that's good because I didn't want to breeze through the entire game in 1 day. I love the gorey theme. very macabre. My favorite Rusty Lake game so far. All the Rusty lake games are the best. I love Hotel, Roots and Paradise the most. Can't get enough of the Lake!!! such a great, creepy game! love rusty lake games Edit to add, many months later: this is a game I return to over and over. Unique, challenging, beautifully macabre. Well worth buying. Good puzzles, some a bit too difficult (so it was good to have the walkthroughs). The storyline was not as compelling as Roots. But enjoying making my way through all of them. I just replayed the series and once again im blown away by this game. Amazing story and characters. Awesome puzzles. There's so much depth to these games, particularly this one. You guys did a great job. I've played a lot of games but these and Fran bow are my absolute favorites. A+ Great game, very entertaining! ☺ I was ready to hang up my hat on Rusty Lake games after Roots but I stuck it out and glad I did. Paradise is lighter fare, if that is possible with such a sick sense of humor lol. The puzzles actually made sense, had more logic to them than any other of the previous games. I didn't want this one to end. Bravo to the team! 😍😎 Love every Rusty Lake games.. Eventhough this is new characters/story, but it still has Rusty Lake atmosphere in tact,, Nice puzzles, nice plot.. I still missed 1 achievement, the Butterfly, it's so hard,, 😂 app took my money and wont download the game.. no option for refund Macabre, challenging, full of mysteries, amazing mechanics, interesting story. that's Rusty Lake. Fun game, I like all the rusty lake and cube escape games. Make more free ones please. Rusty Lake games are THE BEST games going. I love the eerie music and sounds. I have everyone in my family addicted and we all patiently wait for the next game to come out! If I could give you guys 100 stars, I would!! Keep em' coming! As brilliant as always! Wonderful game It's a fantastically weird and clever folk horror game, bloody loved it! awesome. u really need to make more games Drag on the box inside the boat not working on tablet??? There is no way to open the box. hey guys, I'm stuck in the game because there's a bug... I keep clicking on the tree to get the twig and snow keeps falling over and there's a flash, but the twig won't come off. I can't move further in the game :( All cubes rustylake are best game ever challenge.... I'm in love with all Rusty Lake games 🖤 Visual and auditory satisfaction. “All that you touch, you change.” there's a bug. when i clicked on the flying owl, i didn't earn the achievement, which is weird. so i reset the game and now even the very first part where i have to input the characters' zodiac signs to get the first key does not work. It's rare that I write reviews, let alone purchase games, but I love these games and hope the creators continue to create. Rusty Lake games are the most fascinating and unique puzzle games I've ever enjoyed. Once you play one you'll want to play them all as I did. Love any game these guys put out! Just been through the cube series again! excited for the next project!!! I cant wait fpr more games! Rusty Lake- Paradise, Rates as the BEST of the VERY BEST (as always)! Well worth the $ ~ then some! Thank you, RL dev team! 👍⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 👀 forward to future developments! &lt;3 I enjoyed the game. I cheated in the tenth plague. very addictive. playing on my phone is a bit small for some of it. love the art work and dark sense of humour Fantastic! Excellent! Magnificent! best game I've ever played. Congratulations excellent job. Really great keeps the brain going!! i love it for 300000000 % was great until i get to the boils level. I put the word boar in the clock but nothing happened and i cant move forward at all. super adictive! excellent flow. the riddles are fairly simple allowing the story line to flow very naturally. great work! Fun to play. AMAZING. if I could give this game more than five stars, I would. This game is so moody and so addictive. very thoughtful great for the patient gamer. love it, love it, love. It. very odd, I like it as always!!! great. Bit boring & repetitive! Love these games for the surprises and mysteries. Someone has a very imaginative brain. Excellent game! Loved this game! I have played all of the rusty lake saga and I never get bored. The stories are interesting and creepy and the game play keeps you guessing. Love these games! this is by far my favorite of rusty lake and cube escape. 10 levels and really good. i love it!!! Amazing adventure, but sometimes a bit too cryptic and with frustrating controls. It was okay but definitely not worth paying for. My least favorite of the series honestly. I love this game!!! I purchased the game to avoid the ads well worth it. This is a great solve it mystery game. Been a fan of this series of games for a while now. It took me a long time, but I finally finished Rusty Lake Paradise! Its honestly a great game with a good story (which is full of mystery) and challenging puzzles. I greatly enjoyed the art style of the game as well as the creepy tone throughout. If your not sure this game would be your cup of tea, I recommend playing some of the other (free) Rusty Lake Games so that yoy can get a sample of the challenges and puzzles this game presents. Well done! Awesome, so engaging too easy compared to the previous series all rusty lake games are the best One of the best game series out there if you like serious challenge and a creepy storyline. Well worth the money. Incredibly fun and exciting!!!! please please make more!!!!!!!! I played one game, and almost immediately downloaded all of the Rusty Lake Games. They're fun, mildly challenging, and have an awesome combination of horror and mystery. I keep checking back every couple of weeks in hopes to find more! Excellent gameplay, and perfectly do-able puzzles! Thanks so much for these games and I hope to play more! great game, mind blowing puzzles Not as good as previous games. I felt this game was repetitive and almost boring towards the end. Puzzles were ok with some trickier sections but generally quite simple. I like the rusty lake series however this one I would rate towards the bottom. Played all of the games! Loved it 🌟 Fantastic game Loved the game, although was a bit disappointed  that it wasn't  as challenging. Seemed kind of made in a rush, or just not as much thought went into it. Very dark, intriguing story. Puzzles a good bit difficult enough at times to cause me to have to cheat unfortunately. I really enjoy the Rusty Lake line and will continue to follow them. amazing as always from RL In one word, tedious. I generally like the Rusty Lake games, but this just felt like a chore to get through. Lots of memory puzzles, constantly moving back and forth, and to top it off the controls were a pain. well formed riddles loved it I love and have played all the Rusty Lake series but this one is my least favourite. The controls and game play were often annoying and became pretty tedious at times. I think the free games are actually better than this one. yet another great game. Like all there games, eery and with just the right amount of challenges Amazing game where you really have to think with a great story Fantastic game! Would give it more, but stuck on the 7th plague and the snowglobe does nothing but send small snowballs to bounce on the twig. it has not broken it off yet and there are l9ts of snowballs from trying different spots. All Rusty lake games are great. Brilliant engaging game. i love these games Good, but not as good as other Rusty Lake series. Puzzles are too predictable and repetitive. Played it for the second time, still love it. Absolutely amazing game, love you guys at Rusty Lake. excellent like always!, this was challenging but I like it a lot, the difficult the better for me, excellent graphics, narrative of the story intriguing, good music, good plot, I finish the game wanting more, really entertaining, love all of them, continue the good work, thank you Excellent game ! love the game worth the money. all the rusty lake/cube escape games are great worth every cent & min spent The Rusty Lake games are the best. Challenging, and a great, if macabe, story. Rusty Lake is my favorite escape/puzzle game studio working right now! Fun, inventive puzzles, cool art and an intriguing mythology! Very tricky, and very brilliant! gosh the creepiest rusty lake game yet. and the best! i just have to point out that there is a glitch in the puzzle of the sliding ice cubes. if you swipe over empty holes new ice cubes appear out of no where. which was confusing for me. finally, i must say. make more games!!! I'll buy them all! Always 5 stars. Got a little fustrasted towards the end lol just had to think outsidw the cube a little lol always a pleasure now on to the cube series. Played out of order a bit. I will give it 5 stars, but I didn't get the story. perhaps the story should be dark but make sense. Game 5/5 Make it support 18:9 screen ratio after several times i try to finish now i know the story.. (mr. owl's origin ok) great game. complex and and keeps you awake I'm still hating on humans, so I love this game. 😈 twin peaks meets monkey island, its weird and awesome, some puzzles are a bit obtuse but its not a big deal, totally recommended Absolutely amazing!! I've played every single Rusty Lake and Cube Escape games from this developer. The puzzles are challenging (I had to look up a walk through a few times, but that's just me) but it's well worth it for the story and world this team has built with these games. My only real complaint is that I finished them all, so now I have to wait for more. ;) Bravo!!!! Keep up the incredible work! These games are just insanely fun, quite challenging and very meticulously made. I am speechless :) Love it! Treated myself for Christmas after a few sherrys. Festive cheer and Wickerman vibes have never been so haunting. Great game. Fun, challenging, slightly creepy. I lovs the Rusty Lake games, and this sort of operates as a prequel to the weird mythology we see later in Roots and the other games. The ending was telegraphed a bit too clearly, perhaps, but that's a small complaint. very addictive game. loved it another rusty lake game that i love, every plague is interesting, creepy, weird, and fun at the same time, the only one that i can't understand is the vegetable thing 😂 I love Rusty Lake games, this one is really long and quite OK, although not the best I've played (but the longest) my critic is that some of the puzzles didn't make sense and was frustrating sometimes, but all in all a great game. The whole Rusty Lake series had me hooked. Great artwork, storyline, and tough enough puzzles to keep you interested. Please make more!!! Loved it! I just wish it had more levels. Best game ever. I am speechless. Rusty lake is the love of my life. Best of the Rusty Lake games so far. The Rusty Lake series is dark and addictive! Puzzles are sufficiently hard, some a lot more than others. Characters are, well, weird, and yet somehow, I am always waiting for the next installment. If dark humor suits you, start at the beginning, and enjoy this series. Paradox is out now, and looks like it's the next one. Over I go to install it now! Even after playing it twice did not get all 50 achievements. Definitely not an observant person! My favorite games. Thank you, creators!!! Really cool saga Lots of levels Love these games! Can't stop playing. Please please make more The puzzles are really simple and boring. This game is very poor compared to the previous ones. On the easier side, but still fun. Compared to Rusty Lake Hotel, this one is a bit more approachable. The puzzles are more numerous and more intuitive. Like before, it's addictive AF. The artwork is minimalist but gorgeous, and the gameplay is highly engaging, despite the "map" being relatively small. It's really quite masterful. AWESOME GAME, HAD A LITTLE TROUBLE WITH THE DRUMMER PUZZLE BUT FINALLY FIGURED IT OUT THANKS FOR THE ADVENTURE Very good adventure game. The puzzles vary from quite obvious to rewardingly challenging. The atmosphere of the whole game is genuinely creepy, dare to play with headphones ! Simply adictic The usual rusty lake goodness. I see this game as a "Must Buy". Best puzzle games of all time are created by Rusty Lake. "Keep up great work Rusty Lake..." Has become a nightly ritual i look forward to playing...well done  to all those involved! Have played all the rusty lake games! I never buy games but i even purchased these! Love them all Great as usual from rusty lake. Decent dark story line and makes you use your brain. Maybe seemed a little easier than previous games, but there were some stinkers in there towards the end. Drum and bone puzzle totally did me. Can't wait for the next one. Really engaging. I played all rusty lake games except this one and two others. I just finished the third plague in the game and unfortunately I find this is the most boring and repetitive version of the series. Puzzles are not engaging, often meaningless and has no logic to it. Free games were much more interesting. Soundtrack is the only part that keeps up with the quality of the series. Very dark and creepy. A variety of puzzles. Enjoyable and as always strange, found this one easier than others in the series. Love quizzes so enjoyed this albeit a tad dark. I love all the rusty lake games but some of the tasks in this one made no sense and with no clear idea of what to do. Had to use walk through which I don't like to do. Other wise I love them! Rusty Lake you are amazing. Thank you for making these terrific 5 star games. When is the next one being released!!!??? Another great game. So glad I came across the Rusty Lake series! Love it, super creative, and at times very puzzling my favourite series of games. perfectly scary and out of the ordinary. Not as good as the other Rusty Lake premium games...Not even better than cube escape free games. Disappointed Not my favorite Rusty Lake adventure, but it's still tremendously better than any other adventure game. I love it a great point & click adventure game You guys never disappoint...story telling masters... Glad I dint use walkthroughs as much as with roots game... The Phoenix.. Err.. owl rises from the flames Excellent as usual, I took a bit of time to get into it and didn't know about the achievements so only got half of them by chance, but I really enjoyed it. All the usual characters were there and behaved in their usual Rusty Lake weirdness, not for those who are vegan though lol! Another great Rusty Lake game! JUST DOWNLOAD, DOWNLOAD NOW . RIGHT NOW . DO IT NOW . Worthy game Great series of story-based games. Intelligent and dark. Awesome 🤗 Brilliant game! Love the ending! I freaking love these games! My absolute favorite I have played them all a few times. I will very likely play them all again! Creepy creepy goodness mixed with complex puzzling. I want more. Love Rusty Lake games. They are macabre, yet interesting and strangely satisfying. Please make more!!! I've played them all! I love the Rusty Lake games! Liked it but not as much as the previous ones I can't continue on because my game won't open Game glitch error. Cannot move forward because of it Great game, really enjoyed it, much easier to solve the puzzles than other Rusty Lake titles. Really enjoy these rusty lake games, I've played them all, but this one I had to use a walkthrough a couple of times, maybe they are getting a little bit harder, overall well worth playing. the most beautiful poetic and fancy game i have ever played While this game is fine, it's my least favorite so far of this series. The navigation is confusing and some of the puzzles are pretty nonsensical, which is unusual for this series. Still a fine game, but not the quality I've come to expect with these. Another strong entry in the series, and the third to be set in the distant past, this time exploring the lives of a pagan family living rough on the wooded island of Paradise (a sort of tiny, 18th century stand-in for Summerisle). The odd shenanigans and puzzles center on the return of the eldest son to Paradise to investigate the recent death of his mother. The story unfolds over a year of plagues wracking the island, each with its own perfectly sized chapter. Amazing This and Paradox chapter 2 are the only ones left more me to play. Just bought all the premium Rusty Lake games. I'm going to 5 star it before I even play it as it can't be worse than any other in the series and they all got 5 from me. Best game i have played in a long time. Love rusty lake games.. Fan of the Rusty Lake stuff thus far. But playing through this one and I get to the last plague...it's based on sound puzzles as far as I can tell. Not that I would be able to know for sure because I'm hearing impaired. Majorly disappointed and sad I've wasted my time on this one. Uninstalling all the Rusty Lake stuff. Creepy AF and sometimes frustrating but overall a fun journey. Brilliant story, graphics and vibe as always, but the gameplay was a bit tedious (lots of navigation up and down paths that got a bit boring) and the puzzles seemed quite simple compared to others in the series. Still awesome, but just not quite at the usual standard of the other games. Another great title in a great series of games. Solid puzzles, artwork, voice acting. Totally worth the money! These games r one of the best games!!! Worth buying it! Make more of these please Mint Every puzzle in this game is logical against all logic and in a weird dark way it totally makes sense! Another amazing game from rusty lake downloading the new game paradox rn Well, this one is really great! This is the weakest link in a series of amazing games. YMMV. I love Rusty Lake and played all of the Cubes. However this one is the poorest one by far in my opinion. I was actually bored playing it. Also some puzzles didn't make any sense (there was one random one now and the on the old games, but this one is full of them). I will still pay to go over that hidden paywall (apparently?) in the new game (paradox one), hoping it will be up to the usual standards. Love these games Not the best game of the series but still worth every penny. And every minuite of my time All of their games are very good. I have really enjoyed playing To start off, I have to say that I am a massive fan of the Rusty Lake universe. However, this entry in the series was definitely my least favorite. As always, art style and graphics were amazing. However, the controls for this game were less intuitive and actually quite tedious and tiring. I finished this game in one session like I have with every other Rusty Lake game and my arm was physically sore from having to continually swipe left and right, through multiple screens, just to navigate the island. In addition, the puzzles in this game were much easier than in past games and the content seemed to be sparse perhaps due to the map size. Overall, I would obviously recommend that Rusty Lake fans play this game, but you should just be aware that it won't be the most fun you have with the series. I usually like the rusty lake games, but this is easily the poorest. Many of the puzzles are just based on random clicking, and somewhat random. It just got frustrating to play. Can get enough of this series This is the story of the secret DARK SPECTER, and how he became the protagonist,of the Vanderboom Family.. The graphics is okay. But I like how the story introduced, each character of the story, for each game... AND YOU KNOW ME IF YOU GOT GOOD STORY AND PLAY IT. It was an okay game but was not worth the money. This is only due to the fact that it is very repetative, rusty lake also made a cube escape called seasons and that had a similar idea to it with solving each season once then going back and solving it again, but with paradise, by the end it kind of seems bland having done the same path through the whole game. In my opinion, cube escape seasons was executed much better then paradise and I think that if you are looking for a real puzzle game seasons is superior to paradise and it is also free. I loved it!! you are the best!! 非常好玩！锈湖系列一直都是心中的神作！难度适中，最后两关有需要参考攻略的地方。最有趣的还是各种设定和系列剧情，每次通关以后都非常期待下一部！！！ Most wonderful as always! Can't wait for the next adventure. You guys are never tried, I'm amazed! Another amazing installment in this eerie series. Ten levels (plagues) all on the same little island yet the creators make every level and puzzle unique. Support these developers, they are amazing! Wonderful!! Another amazing and mysterious game!! I have played all of the the Rusty Lake games and bought the last three. Thank you so much for your work. Please keep creating more! Really enjoyed this one Wonderful game ever ! I was disappointed with this compared to the previous Rusty Lake games. This one was so much shorter, easier, and less interesting. One word awesome.Fan of Rusty lake games.Guys keep it up.Please make more game such this Another strange story I'm a fan of the entire RL series and this was my first paid game by them.  I was actually a bit disappointed by the overall lack of difficulty in  solving puzzles, when compared to the other games. The solutions were far  too easy to find and there were hardly any cryptic keys to figure out. It  was still fun and a good continuation to the narrative. Also I dont  understand the achievements. How am I suppose to know what I'm looking for  ; Do I just click everywhere till I find one? Absolutely amazing, as usual Its unfortunate that there is this glitch where i can't drag the litle bars  on the box in the first level of the game Another great rusty lake game. A must buy if mild horror and puzzles are  your thing. The most interesting games that i've ever played Totally perfect, congrats :))) These cube escape games are the best! Twisted and disturbing. Nicely done. Will always love your games Petards Amazing job guys Super fun. Puzzles are great and challenging. I have bought every Rusty Lake Cube Escape Game and Rusty Lake Game because  I absolutely love every thing. The darkness, the just enough clue to get  you to the next step, the storytelling it is all top notch! Another fantastic game from rusty lake. I've downloaded every single game and always download the newest ones.  These are my favourite games to have been brought out by any developer, I  sincerely hope there's more to come! The graphics, game play, story line,  and controls are perfect. Love it!! The Rusty Lake series is great! Make more!! First game ive ever purchased, after playing all the free ones. I know  it'll be good. Ive spent a day playing these games...A DAY! Looks like  pizza for dinner, hope my husband isnt too mad, he can play them too! Once again Rusty Lake delivers. Big fan of the Rusty Lake games, and Paradise did not disappoint. Well done. You still manage to keep me confused & intrigued after every game. Each  game I buy is worth it & each puzzle is worth the struggle. I LOVE Rusty  Lake games! I. Need. More. 😍 I'm all out of options now. '-' Great game love them all. Roots is my favourite thus far. One question  though. I are stuck at the snowman! Have watched the walk through on it  numerous times still won't work ideas This is one of the best games I have ever played! Of course, your entire  series is wonderful but this one's my favourite. Please, please keep them  coming!! Love the Rusty Lake series and this one did not disappoint! Ties into the  entire series nicely. Every time a new one comes out I buy it. Great game  and great series!! Love love loved it!!! More great and creepy Rusty Lake. Totally recommend these games to people  all the time. Will there be a new game coming out? Sickkk af I love this game. Awesome! Very creative, challenging, and fun. You guys outdid yourselves with this one. Every plague I finished made me  sad that I was that much closer to the end! Looking forward to more I love all Rusty lake games. I have never purchased any of games before,  but this company changed my opinion. They all are worth playing. Adore,  adore, adore.... An intersting chapter to the amazing games of Rusty Lake. Thank you for  keeping them coming. Love the creative genius behind RL. Loyal fan. The narrative is so interesting. The puzzles aren't easy and you really  have to think. The art style goes with the story perfectly. Totally worth  it, I got hours of play from it! I will definitely be getting the other  Rusty Lake games, for sure. This is the best game I haveever played. I recommend it to everyone!! I don't really like the achievements system. It kinda feels worthless. I played it for 10 minutes, went to the android home screen and then put phone away for the night (on sleep/standby). Woke up the next morning and battery was drained by 40%, completely by this app. Uninstalled game due to poor battery management. This game should not be using my battery while my phone is asleep. The puzzles are impressive and fun to tackle. However the control of the  drum at the ninth plague could have done better. It's annoying that  sometimes I wanted to hit the drum with only the left or right hand but  ended up hitting using both hands. Otherwise it's a great game overall.  EDIT: the bug was fixed very quickly. Updated ratings to 5 stars Beautifully challenging. Just amazing. I've loved all of them so far. My favorite playstore series. I haven't played a game this good in years. Enjoyed it tremendously.  Excellent job! Best game ever Now I love all your games. Shorter than expected. Achievements is awesome new feature which were  missing in previous games. Awesome as all the other games by Rusty Lake Art 😁 As brilliant and creepy as always and if it wasn't for chapter 7 I would  give a 100%. Unfortunately that part was a bit too heavy on some secret  power if that makes any sense in that universe and that was a bit of a  downer for me... The Rusty Lake story is very intriguing. Another great installment to a  wonderful games series! So good...so good I loved it! Got stuck in the 7th plague. The twig from the tree doesnt break despite  using the snow globe. Uninstalled and played all the way back yet its  stuck. A glitch in the game. Looks like money wasted. Brilliant,Great N Simple App!!🤘🤘Can U Guys Consider Adding In DLC Or  Expansion Pack Which Is A I.A.P!!🙄🙄 We Would Really Appricate It If U  Guys Add It!!😄😄 Just Keep It Updated N Hoping For New Better Features  Soon In The Future!!😄😉 Keep Up With The Fanstatic Work!!👏👏 Overall:9/10 I've played every single one of Rusty Lake games, and "Plague 7" of this  game has to be the worst chapter in the entire series. It's convoluted and  completely atypical of 'normal' puzzles in this series. Despite this huge  flaw (imo), this is still a great game. Solid puzzles of varying difficulty  paired with the creepy, trademark tones of the Rusty Lake series make this  game worth it. Grit your teeth past the hiccup of Chapter 7, and the game  quality returns to a satisfying conclusion. 4 out of 5. Another fantastic episode in the series. I absolutely love the grim  atmosphere and the non-hollywood ending. Puzzles are challenging and the  story is intriguing. It comes s close second in Rusty Lakes portfolio after  "Roots". Do yourself a favor, indulge in this non-conventional game and  enjoy the experience. Can't wait for next adventure! The Rusty Lake series are one of my all time favorites. It's confusing, but  that's what I love about it. You have to really pay attention to get the  story. They are dark & very mysterious. Puzzles are too cryptic, storyline too creepy Not as good as some others by them, but still great. I love all the rusty lake games! Great balance of weird and fun. Some of  the puzzles are a bit hard to work out - maybe there should be e.g. a bit  glowing to draw your attention so you don't have to go to the walkthrough?  Otherwise (don't say this lightly) best series of games I've downloaded.  Eagerly awaiting you're next one.... 🤗 As brilliant as always My dad played it so I did too These game so insane you might blow your mind. Try these game!!! Is really cool and blow your mind for second. Bit disappointed with the latest rusty lake still gave it a 4 star but ut wasn't as good as the other ones. It's a Rusty Lake game so it's going to be good and its' going to be twisted. As well as the story what I love about Rusty Lake games is that it's obvious what you need to interact with in each scene, no need to randomly click on everything to find something to pick up. Loved the 10 plagues theme which really added something to the game. A worthy addition to the series. (Although achievements don't add anything to these types of games - more did you randomly click on something.) My favorite mystery point and click game ... mixes puzzles, logic and mystery perfectly These are the only games I really pay for and the only reason I get money for the play store. Honestly the best games and I'm constantly excited for the next one Love the storyline and puzzles! Great atmosphere as always, although the puzzles were at times of the "try everything on everything until something happens" type. Fantastic! looking forward to seeing new titles soon :) More predictable than usual. Puzzles a little easier. Even so, Rusty Lake is still head and shoulders above the rest and is my favorite. Cannot wait for the next chapter. Well done. I absolutely love Rusty Lake games. They don't make enough of them to keep me satisfied haha. Honestly, good games. Good game, tricky in some parts which is always good. I did have a problem getting past plague 2 but this was solved by lowering the games graphics settings. Not as good as the other RL games. I have played all the others, free and paid and this is by far my least favorite. It seems like they were running out of ideas and the puzzles got really easy and repetitive. The story was not engaging and things didn't make sense. I'm still glad I played it, but Hotel and Roots are 100 times better, with more complex content. I finished this game in 2 days Great game fits well with the rusty series worth playing Absolute blast!!!! waiting for so long This is the weakest of the series. I highly recommend the others. I found this story less cohesive and engaging, so the darker elements didn't add anything and felt a little juvenile. The puzzles were too easy. Having said that, I'm still glad I played it. Wonderful dreamy atmosphere and very enigmatic mysteries. As always... Excellent Love love love all the rusty lake games! Only games I ever spend money on. And I do so gladly. Meh. Not my favorite of the series. Was worth the money if you have played the rest and are a fan of RL games. It was pretty short, and froze several times. And what's with the "achievements"? I saw some items I tapped on, thinking they were clues and a little box appeared. Achievements for what exactly? With all the hype leading up to this game being released, I was just expecting a lot more. Overall, it had the weird creepy RL look and feel that we all love, but was really only good for an hour or so, much shorter than I was expecting. 😕 Love the rusty lake games been a fan since the beginning! However it seems that the games are centering around cult/satanic themes?.. Rusty fam be warned and be aware before you allow the kids to play. I think the games can be dark and mysterious without having to touch the extra stuff!! JS!  #stayoriginalRS! Beautiful!! Is a good game Love all of these games. Story has me hooked Very good Super enjoyable as always Pretty fun game, albeit many of the puzzles didnt seem quite as imaginative as those in other Rusty Lake games. Great story and engrossing. Though Rusty Lake games are tight with touch screen controls, I found this one a litte frustrating at times. I used walkthroughs a few times, only to find the place I'd been touching with no response worked in the end. But that's the only criticism. I thoroughly enjoyed all the riddles.  Great work RL team! I really enjoyed this installment of the series, and it is well worth the money! I loved getting to know Jakob and his odd family, and I really appreciated the backstory of the Lake. I am very excited for the next game! Better than Hotel, but not as great as Roots. I like how they incorporated sound in some of the puzzles. I wish we could get to know the family better like Roots, but there was some good dark humor with this family. One thing that annoyed me was the achievements. I get they are there to add replayability, but when you are on the screen, they give no hint on how you earned past trophies nor how you can get the rest. I love this series! They are never long enough though. This one starts out very simple. The first few plagues are trivial. The last few are a little more challenging. Overall it's a good entry in the catalogue. I have loved this series from the start and it is always stellar! This newest one did not disappoint! 😍  Creepy, weird and beautifully done I'm more than thrilled to pay for this game experience!  Never ashamed to use the supportive walkthroughs (proud i only needed them in the last two levels this time) provided as some of the tips melt my mind as to how they connect the dots till I see it in action in this bizzare memory land and I'm ok with that.😂 thankful they exist. They are also nicely and easily linked to each level, which is super sweet, no hours of googling required.   If you like puzzle games and creepy well crafted mysteries play ALL the free and paid for Rusty Lake games! So very worth it! Love it so much. Please never stop making the game Rusty Lake have been only getting better since the beginning. The games are intuitive but not easy and creepy as all hell. This one has easily been my favourite, can't wait for the next. Puzzles don't make sense. Even after watching the walkthrough I still have no idea what the objective of the snowman puzzle was. Wiggling the arms to make the nose move, but with no indication as to what the correct movement was supposed to be? I eventually got past it after several minutes of frustrating random clicking. Rusty Lake is challenging and mysterious. Love this series. I adore Rusty Lake games! This game is amazing! I love the creepy surrealism and consistent narrative across the series. I've waited so long for this game and so playing this is super exciting for me!  I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a challenge or loves escape games or surrealism in art and stories!!! Always a pleasure playing your games, guys! I look forward to the next installment! Don't spend your money on this. This was my least favourite Rusty Lake game. I found the puzzles to be easy and repetitive.  I also found the levels repetitive and lacked content.  Ive played all of rusty lake games. I found all of the other games a lot more fun, and more challenging.  It's still better than anything I could develop into an app, but I was disappointed with Paradise, and don't recommend spending your money on this. To be honest I like the rusty lake : roots more than this one because the story and gameplay is more intense than this one, plus I think this series is a little too short? One advice : pls insert mini gameplay after you finished the games! Overall I love the game itself :) This is bad. Very disappointed with both Roots and Paradise. Just the same old method. I agree with one of the comments below. The free games were way more creative and longer. Now they are worth paying for. What a shame. I love it as all the games from rusty lake! But Roots it was the best one. Hope for a new one soon!! I have played every single rusty lake game and was so excited to see this! Finished it though, now waiting for the next! These games are the best, keep it up! Brilliant as always Well... that was the best time I've had in a game in a long time, consoles included. Screw the new God of War; me and a couple other people I've been playing the series with are all in on the next CE or RL game. This game was awesome start to finish. I just hate that the game eventually ends. Love every game you've made so far! I absolutely love your games. Another great Rusty Lake game. A bit similar to previous ones, but still better than anything else out there. Keep making and I'll keep buying :-) An excellent addition to the Rusty Lake story. It was creepy, disturbing, and yet oddly beautiful at the same time. The puzzles were challenging without being completely impossible. Especially if you have pattern recognition skills. I was stunned by the ending, but it seems quite fitting. Can't wait to see what's next! A great game which remained true to the Rusty Lake style. But somehow not as compelling as many of their previous games. Also it froze frequently and really slowed down at times, whereas the other games have been flawless. Still worth the money but not a showcase game in the series. wonderful as always This latest rusty lake game is still fantastic, but I didn't find it quite as enjoyable as previous efforts. Maybe it was traipsing around the same paths for level after level? The story is just as insane as ever... Exactly what I want from rusty lake! Can't say enough positive about this game. Dark, challenging, addictive. Love it! Fantastic! One of the best in the series. Narrative is moving, as always. This one balanced the emotion and the macabre the best, without going too far in any direction. The puzzles were also intuitive, never feeling like it was unfair. Another great game from you guys. A little too creepy sometimes - I wouldn't eat while playing - but I love the story and the way of moving through the forest, that was new to me. Good job! And thanks! From a big fan! A great game with a unique and dark aesthetic. Waste of money. I couldn't wait for it to end. So many stupid puzzles in this one that are not logical or Intuitive, and the ones that are are freaking tedious! This game is maybe worth 99¢, but not the 5.50 I paid for it. Stick to the free cube escape games if you like this series. If you want to support the company, buy rusty lake roots. It's fifteen times better than this drek. Great entertainment. More! There's a glitch. Can't get past the snowman. Wasted $2.99 on a game I can't even finish! Very dissapointed because I really like these games Once again a masterpiece! So, I'm in the 4th plague, and I did the puzzle with the crab. I got stuck and after an hour of messing about I went looking for a hint. I've done everything right but the human fly never appeared. Glitch? I've watched and read walkthroughs and I haven't missed anything. What gives? Huge fan of your games but this is extremely frustrating. Huge fan!! I think this is my favorite among the premium games. Darkness plague was so tough but so fun! Can't wait for more games I'm a huge fan of Rusty Lake. I've played all their free and paid games. Having said that, this was my least favorite of the paid games. I enjoyed being in the Rusty Lake world again, but it felt to me like the developers got lazy with the puzzles. Many of them seemed to be the same type and not very interesting, in particular, figuring out the sequence to tap things, which is not a brain puzzle so much as a tedious memory activity. Story line also wasn't as compelling as the others. Still, it was another Rusty Lake experience and I enjoyed visiting for a while. Still good but overall lackluster in comparison to other rusty lake games. Storyline wasn't there, gameplay was really repetitive, and puzzles quite easy. Just didn't feel very cohesive. Rusty Lake is the bomb.  Love  their games. Paradise was challenging, scary, and fun. Bravo! Really worth its price! One of the few games i look forward to coming out. Worth every cent, cannot wait for more! Once you start it is hard stop until you are done. Great game. A huge cube escape fan coz it's really a lot better than the other escape games. The graphics are great and the logic is good. More Rusty lake please!!!! This Rusty Lake version was the worst of the series. I had high hopes - especially having to pay for it. The other Rusty Lake games were free, and way more creative and challenging. What happened guys? It was very repetitive and by the 5th plague i was gonna throw my phone across the room. I hope the next one is better! Wow 值得购买 So interesting, clear, and unique graphic,, I waited so long for this game to come out, having already enjoyed playing through all the others. Paradise did not disappoint: compelling story, aesthetic to match the rest of the Rusty Lake world, eerie soundtrack, and challenging puzzles. I was sad to finish the game, but will go back and try to reveal all of the secrets. Another gemstone Another awesome game in the rusty lake series. Well worth spending money on. Found this one a little bit easier that past games but I think it's just that after playing all your games I perhaps understand how your twisted little minds work. Good job. Can't wait for the next one. Please hurry. Creepy as usual. I love it! This was one of the most fun games that I've played in a long time. Just like the whole series, this is brilliant again. The controls could be better when navigating through the island, but beside that, what counts are the story and the puzzles. Roots is slightly better, though. Still, a nice experience, worth the money. publish the next game .. dont let us wait much longer Brilliant. Just the right level of difficultly. It's not easy living up to the prior releases of theatre or hotel or roots. This game had some of the easiest puzzles in the series which made play through quite quick and a little less rewarding of an experience. A few parts were pointlessly gross. Some of the plagues felt repetitive and I almost stopped playing but I'm glad I followed through because some of the best puzzles are saved  for the end.  I heard the author say this would be the last in the series which is understandable but also a shame because it's the best series of puzzle games in the Android play store easily. I for one would pay top dollar to see a proper Rusty Lake finale it attempts to tie some of these weird cool stories together Excellent and extremely challenging!!.  Keep it up Never expected anything less from you guys!! Although the first few levels were way too easy.  This was the first time I've taken my time going through the game cause the wait between games is painstakingly long.  I found myself resorting to the walkthrough a few times.  Thank-you for not having us watch an add to view the  walkthrough... cause there is nothing more annoying than that!!  Awesome job guys.  Give yourselves a pat on the back but watch out for Mr. Owl... If you're a fan of bizarre adventure games, look no further. Another cracker in the series. Love the touches of darkness, refreshing to see amongst all the bland apps out there. Hopefully more to come? Good addition to the series. Decent length, but most of the puzzles were too easy. Only the last two levels were particularly challenging. Good puzzles but being locked in the same island and knowing almost all corners in the map from first chapter definitely is not completely what I expected. However I do like this story than previous ones - maybe it is just more straight forward and serves as a good background story. As always, fantastic! This is absolutely art. Awesome game! Beautiful, interesting and just the right amount creepy Yet another amazing game. Thank you! I am a huge fan. Another macabre masterpiece. This is one of the best game collections in the play store. There's nothing else that comes close to the Rusty Lake series. Once again they have done it! It follows in the footsteps of the other versions and I loved it! Love the whole series Great game as always. Best Rusty Lake yet. Waited so long and it didn't disappoint, but now I'm sad as I begin the wait for the next one. Roots is better. These puzzles make less sense. Amazing gameee thank youu FANTASTIC! I could not be happier with this chapter. Thanks, you've done it again! The complexity of the story, the artwork, sound, music, puzzles...all brilliant. It's darkly amusing, atmospheric and surreal. Your games are far better than others and are worth the money. I have some achievements to find, so will go back to find them. Level 10, the drumming sequence, had me stumped for some time! Many thanks to RL. Week in and week out, all I've ever done was come back to the Play Store and check if Rusty Lake has another game out. RL is the only game studio aside from KillMonday whose games I played -- all their games. The purchase is worth it. Can't wait for more! Please, please make some more! You should won an award for this game. Honestly. Truly! 💋 Love all of Rusty Lakes games! I was a little disappointed how quick I got through this one. I think I liked the last two a little better. Still a great dark game! Keep em coming! Huge fan here. Love the dark side Rusty Lake bring to their games. Highly recommend not only this game but all Rusty Lake titles. They did it again! I'm a huge fan of the Rusty Lake/Cube Escape series. This has been one of my favorite so far, especially with the easter eggs. Their ability to create such haunting, unsettling, and beautiful games is astounding. All of their games have a very Twin Peaks/Twilight Zone feel to them with puzzles that are challenging, but not impossible. Their characters are eerie, their stories imaginative... I can't get enough. If you're put off by paid games, just give their other free titles a try and see how quickly you get sucked in. Paradise is worth every penny. Very consistent to the overall narrative of the series and challenging at the same time. While some of the puzzles may be difficult it did not stop from wanting to finish the game. One of the best point and click games out there and was worth the hype and cost as I will be returning to paradise more than once to try and get all the achievements You guys just can't disappoint your fans! Paradise was amazing. It's now my second favorite Rusty Lake series after the Roots. Puzzles were new and challenging enough. The music was great not as good as the roots's though. And above all the story. At first I kinda felt not that much connected to the story but after the first plague I was dying to know more! And all the resemblances to your other games just made it more enjoyable. Plus the achievements made me busy for quite a time. Please never stop making games. You're my all time favorite team and I literally count days till your next game release day. When is that by the way? :) One of the best mobile phone game series I have ever played. Worth every penny. Not *quite* as good as previous premium Rusty Lake. But still a solid 5-star outing, and as darkly dark as a dark thing. A second playthrough (cos I need to get all those achievements) was eerier and creepier than the first as the cutscenes made more sense! Bravo. Once again absolutely brilliant. Great, dark story and excellent graphics. Can't wait for the next one! Another superb game from Rusty Lake team. Just amazing how they develop their story with the creepiness quotient intact. This is one production house, whose games I do not mind purchasing at all. Looking forward to the next game already. Rusty Lake Knocks It Out Of The Park AGAIN. This one is longer than Roots and has you experiencing the same uncanny uneasiness again. This developer is a true master of the point and click horror. Not as good as previous games; puzzles are repetitive The only thing I have to say besides AWESOME EVERYTHING, but every time I see a new Rusty Lake Game...It's mine! Yesss another rusty lake! Really enjoyed this one. Couple of hours of playing, always sad when I finish it, I want more!!! Haha. Thank you for these amazing games! Always worth the money! These games are good but the last ones ex. Roots and Paradise don't do it for me. Im not a religious person whatsoever but why did they need to make these about the bible?  Mocking it in a way. The original story was Good! They just went straight left with this one. Smh I would not recommend for Kids or anyone at that. Sorry🤷🏽 Just perfect. Well done guys I am a long time RL geek. Paradise exceeded my expectations. Bonus acheivements  in every chapter, if you can spot them. No need to have played the other games to understand this one, but you'll want to when you're done. The left, right, back and forth that was necessary  to travel from one end of the island to the other was frustrating at times, otherwise the controls were easy to use, graphics were spot on. What's next RL, Samsara perhaps... Loved the artwork and sound design. Want more. This was by far my favorite out of the series. Good game in the series, great game in general (graphics, universe and narration are awesome) but I like the two previous ones better (definitely play Roots if you haven't). This felt too repetitive and contrived (why can't you used the mallet to break the vases for example?), I didn't like all the back and forth and the story was very reminiscent of older ones. I don't really want to reset the chapters to get all the achievements. It seems pointless. Looking forward to the next game. Wizardry. Amazing game. You guys should publish a book about the whole Rusty Lake story. Good job! Quirky graphics and a story with a dark twist. Always love these games and this one delivers again. Great! I hate to give anything less than 5 stars, but this really missed the mark. I've adored the Rusty Lake series since I first played a little over a year ago, and have played thru the entire series twice over. The gameplay has always proven engaging, clever, and addictive with a pleasingly macabre and mysterious vibe; and I never minded any of the mild gore or oddness of the series. Needless to say, I had high expectations for this one, and was really let down. The storyline is just kinda blah, the tasks are borderline nonsensical (and yes, I know odd solutions are a staple of the series but these were really out there) and it's just.... lackluster. I'm sorry to say, it's just not worth the money. I do NOT pay for games!  But couldn't resist when I saw rusty lake had a new one. Paid for this and will pay for the next one. They are brilliant. Love these games. Wish you would make them a bit harder though. I only get a few hours out of them. This game is dark, I like it I loved this game and every other Rusty Lake production. Amazing storyline. Only mobile games I've ever paid for.  Just great! A very good game. Brilliant, as always. If I had one criticism, it would be that the puzzles in the first 7 levels were far too easy and then it got a LOT harder for the final 3. If the difficulty was more evenly progressive, I would have enjoyed it a little more. But I'm nit-picking. Rusty Lake games are pretty much the only ones I pay for and they're always worth every penny.  Keep up the good work! a short review. It kills me to give anything less than 5 stars to you guys, but this is riddled with glitches, and not enough content for the money. I hate finishing your games because they are truly unique and I love them, and I'm sad when it's over. Great puzzles, great graphics, and I appreciate the look and feel of the story too. That being said, please hurry on the next one :) ! Rusty lake games are my absolute favorite, please make more! These games are so freaking great, really some of my all time favorites!!! ...I've played them all... Going through withdrawals... Please make more!! Better than Rusty Lake Hotel, but not as good as Roots! RL games are ALWAYS good, free and premium both. This means expectations are always high, too. I honestly think Paradise was enjoyable but not at the same level of the other paid RL chapters. Somewhat weaker storyline, too many already-seen puzzles, some secret achievements pretty much randomly forced without any possible meaning. All defects the previous premium games didn't have. Still love your games,folks,but don't be lazy, keep the quality high!! מאז שגיליתי את המשחקים של rusty lake הם הפכו לחלק בלתי נפרד מהפלאפון שלי. כל משחק מדהים ביופיו בצליליו ובכלל. פשוט חובה לכל אדם שמגדיר עצמו חובב Point and click או escape room. שווה גם הרבה יותר מהמחיר שמבקשים עליו. Nice enough adventure with puzzles that make you think a bit, but aren't completely unsolvable. I hadn't played any of the other Rusty Lake games and didn't know what to expect, so wasn't prepared for the rather creepy/at times disgusting atmosphere, which wasn't really what I was looking for. You guys don't stop amazing me. Another wonderful game. I spent a few hours going through it. Got stuck a couple if times but even then the clues were logical. Just not easy.  This game seems longer than previous rusty lake non-free ones. Will look forward for a next release.  Once more thank you for a great well balanced fun game.  Keep on excellent job. A brilliant game! Another fantastic game from this design team! As long as you guys keep making great games, I will always buy them. It's definitely well worth it for such a unique and excellent experience I've played all the Rusty Lakes games and love them. I've played every Rusty Lake game numerous times, and while I have my favorites, I love ALL of the games and play them over and over. My only complaint is that they don't have an infinite supply of new games, lol. No one out there is making games like Rusty Lake. Absolutely brilliant, folks. Please never stop making games. I never pay for apps except your games. I would pay for every one of them! Well... Just completed it though haven't gotten all the achievements yet. Didn't live up to Roots or Hotel, and I think lags behind quite a few of the free RL games. The puzzles were okay with a few really enjoyable ones, some rehashing from older games is expected and enjoyable, but it felt like not quite enough new things. The story didn't quite grab me in the same way some of the others did. I didn't feel like I really got to know any of the characters distinctly, like in Roots. There was a passage of time, but there didn't seem to be noticeable development. Also, why no female voice actor? I think it would have helped here. Mr. Rafferty is quite talented, but for the sister and mother it was odd enough to take me out of the world. I don't know, Bob's voice worked for the mother's few lines in Birthday but it was a bit too odd here. Perhaps it's time to get the women of RL a more distinct voice. You have built up so much good will over the years that I will happily continue to support the games, but this one was a bit disappointing. Hilariously macabre, as always! I have played every Rusty Lake and I absolutely love it, but this one too easy, there are only a few puzzles and they are very simple Another beautiful game, thanks a lot! Absolutely love ALL of your games and this latest edition to the story definitely didn't disappoint!!!! My only complaint is just wish they would come out sooner. But I ALWAYS know that they are worth it!!! :) The dream came true and I returned to Rusty Lake Never before have I felt such creeping dread in a simple point and click adventure game. The greatest of the Rusty Lake saga so far. Another epic  game Favourite Rusty Lake so far 😈 I'm so excited to play this!! Ive played every game in this series 😊 I'm sure I would have loved this game as I have enjoyed playing the rest of these but I couldn't get past the first level because the box in boat....it wouldn't drag, it's stuck for some reason. I noticed another user also had this problem. I love the latest Rusty Lake game!! I've been following along with the updates on their blog and twitter for months, so I was so excited when Paradise was finally released!  I deliberately played this game slowly to appreciate it all. I've finished the 10 plagues now, though I haven't found every achievement yet. Some aspects of the game are quick and simple, and some are pretty challenging. I had to look up two clues from walkthroughs on puzzles that stumped me. I appreciate that Rusty Lake produces walkthroughs for their players.  The game play is exciting and creepy. I never thought I would be into any games or media horror, but when I tried playing the first two Cube games, my curiosity won out over my fear. I love all of the lore and mysteries in the Rusty Lake/Cube Escape universe  I think Rusty Lake Paradise is a fantastic indie game worth paying a few dollars for, but if you're not sure yet about spending money, I recommend trying the Cube Escape games for free first. They have excellent stories, puzzles, and art. First plagues were too easy but towards the end of the game there were some hard riddles. Love all the Rusty Lake games, on the real. This one wasn't challenging enough, though. loved the twin peaks crossover! epic as always! The branch will NOT fall off in 'Hail' *edit* GOT IT!! Thank you! The game is fantastic!! I really love this series and played all thr others rusty lake apps before Paradise. This part is perfect except 1 thing. I can deal with the horror things in game like the shadow suddenly appears or the dead body but this chapter has the disease with many flies. It almost make me delete the game without finish it. Sorry I'm still obsessed until now. I have been using Android devices for 6 years, but this is the first game I have ever purchased! It was worth every cent. Stunning graphics, plot, etc. Thank you! Hope you release the next game soon Have played every Rusty Lake game, they are the best games/art that I have ever played. The story lines are intriguing and draw you in without explaining every little thing. These games ask the player to be a part of the experience not spelling everything out. They are perfect level of difficulty, with help if needed. I already can't wait for the next one. Love the Rusty Lake series. Dark and mysterious, and just the right level of difficulty. A fantastic game. As always. I will forever be a fan. Great game! I really loved the ending to Paradise and feel waaay less mean for killing Mr. Boar so spectacularly now that I know who he is!!  Thanks RL for another fantastic game. 最高に面白いです Amazing stuff as usual! Always amazing Another amazing game in the series. Loved it. Can't wait for the next Excellent and very enjoyable Another quality Rusty Lake game. Rusty Lake never pays off on the promise.  The puzzles are certainly good, but at this point it is becoming more of the same "been there, done that" of the past 11 games.  What Rusty Lake and Cube Escape does best is implying there is some much deeper sinister big picture that is going to fall into place.  But, Roots never really addressed the loose ends of Hotel, it just adds more of them to the pile.  And Paradise doesn't address them either.  It just leaves us with more of the recurring ominous symbols we've seen before as loose ends, without really bothering to tie anything together. When will be the next one? All I can say is thanks great game company that makes great games Amazing I love the Rusty Lake story and all of the games. Y'all please keep up the good work and come out with more games. I absolutely love Rusty Lake. That being said, this was not my favorite game of the series. For me it didn't quite live up to the other feature length games like Hotel and Roots. I'm not quite sure what it was but it just felt a bit lackluster. Maybe the repetitive scenes and backtracking? It's important to note though that the weakest Rusty Lake game is still better than every other game on the market. The graphics, voice acting, and most of the puzzles were fantastic. I love how it's challenging but can be solved without hints, especially if you know the style of Rusty Lake puzzles. Looking forward to the next installment. Brilliant game by Rusty Lakes as always Love it!!! I've been waiting for this over a year and it did not disappoint! I love the attention to detail that each individual plague had and how it correlated to  the continuation of  the story. Can't wait to see what you guys come up with next!!!!! Seriously...  Every game from these guys is amazing. Every time I'm left wanting to play more. Another great Rusty Lake game. I never thought I would pay for little games, but these are addictive. Damn. Fine. Game.   Keep `em coming, Rusty Lake! All my faves from one studio. Definitely it still is the best adventure/riddle solving game out there. I loved it before I love it now! M'encanta. L'estava esperant amb candeletes i no he pogut deixar de jugar-hi. Ja estic desitjant que arribi el nou! I have a bug with the 1st achievement in the 3rd plague (Spitting Larva) please fix this fast I don't usually write reviews but you guys really deserve it! I played all of your games and I think they're amazing, and Paradise is no exception. Keep em coming 🦌 This was by far the easiest of all the Rusty Lake games. Had I started with this game, I doubt I'd have continued with the series. A lot of the challenges were so blatantly simple or linear that they felt like busy work. Were I not interested in the story, I would have quit without finishing. I was so looking forward to Paradise, but it feels to me like a pale imitation of the rest of the Rusty Lake universe. Sadness. I'm still holding out hope that they get their groove back for the next game, though. I have played all the cube escape and  rusty lake games, and I firmly place this one among the best of them. I found the puzzles to be challenging but fair. The themes were well thought out, and I felt the length and entertainment provided by the game was worth the price and then some. My one complaint would have to be the voice acting. I felt that many did not fit the characters and seemed a bit unprofessional/unenthusiastic. Otherwise, I look forward to the next in the series! I haven't even played yet & I already love it!! I played them all except this one! Please make more!! 💖 Keep up the good work This is the game I've been looking for! Rusty Lake have a nice graphic style, creative storyline, awesome puzzle games, simple and easy controls, also funny yet realistic voice covers. Not to mention the answers are sometimes out of the box. Moreover, I appreciate the game developers who have built strong interactions with us. Rusty lake has been giving prizes to Rusties (I don't think this is an official name but how do you call Rusty lake fans?) who unlock the events/quizes by completing the games. I love and admire your work! Kuddos 👏 We'll be waiting for the next game 😊 Starts somewhat simplistic and even mechanical but gets much better towards the end. Would be still 5 stars if they figured out how to let us find missed secrets without redoing the entire level. No way I'm going through darkness again just to throw the egg in the fire before magic powder. Very frustrating. How can you  not love these games? I love all the Rusty Lake games and this is a great addition to the mythology! There was one bug where the boat and grandma were invisible but I was able to get through it by blindly clicking. I can't wait for the next game! amazing. if you're into the rusty lake/cube escape saga, Paradise continues on wonderfully with the creepy, weird, bizarre, and twisted still as ever, gives even more questions and a few possible answers. definitely not the 1st to play/buy for new comers wanting the whole Rusty Lake vibe, yet even on it's own, the atmosphere, characters, puzzles, and storyline are just as fabulous. big hugs to the creators ♡ worth the wait and the low price.  the bestest game series i have encountered. just brought a new person into the fold this evening. ja wohl! oi! Having played all of the franchise (some even more than once) I absolutely adore the games. Intriguing story and unique art, the puzzles are fun yet challenging at times which adds up to the mysterious feel of the game. I've been expecting paradise for quite a while and I can say I was not disappointed. Can't wait for the next game! Another amazing experience. I don't think I'll ever be disappointed with a Rusty Lake game. Absolutely loved it. An adventure  game  with some easy puzzles ,even though I had to use the walkthrough 2 times ...several hours of gameplay 3-4 ...the story was not terrible neither awesome (that's the -1 star )...but actually it is easy going which make it addictive so yes I recommend it but don't expect nothing more than some easy puzzles ...the profanity  of the story leave no mystery to be curious but the dark themed and the 10 lvls (not too long to make you bored ) make you to want to  proceed... I have loved every game in this series and this one was just as amazing! Just as great as the other games! Would love to have some shortcuts between the main locations, but that's the only "complaint" I've got. I've waited so long and was not disappointed 😊 I am a fan of RL games for sure! Thanks guys, you are fantastic! I dont know how I even came upon the rusty lake/cube escape games but I know I found it on my own. On every single one I watched a walkthrough, but I decided to do it on my own this time(I cheated once or twice) but its a really great game it kept me buisy through out the weekend. My favorite games are the  three most recent and maybe theatera. I played all of these games multiple times waiting for this one. Cant wait for more! Loved it Unusually buggy, puzzles unusually straightforward, atmosphere unusually uncreepy. Dang, y'all make some awesome stuff. So good, I'm upset I've played all the others. Production really stood out this time. Keep doing what you do...please! The best Rusty Lake game so far. Too short of a game the last one had more to it after you beat the game. This game had no bonus level it took over a year to make and so simple to beat. There was no challenge it's too easy very dissapointed. I love all the rusty lake games just not this one. Didn't leave as much of an impact on me as Roots did, but this prologue to the series was very enchanting to play. Another excellent atmospheric puzzle game from the Rusty Lake crew. A surreal romp through the distant history of the lake One small glitch I've encountered so far in the lice chapter... Something disappeared from my inventory. I closed the game and then opened it again, and it was back. I know the game just came out so I'm not mad. I love all of your games and am so pleased there's a new one :) Disturbing and wonderful.  More please!!!  ;) Hiccup in the controls turned out to be me missing a part of the puzzle! I love the rusty lake games! All your games keep getting better and better, I almost didn't want this game to end. I swear the rusty lake games are the only phone games I have ever bought, completely worth it. I'm simply in love with this series. The more I play, the more I want to know. Please keep up the good work! I've played every Cube Escape and Rusty Lake game and have been a huge fan for years. Unfortunately, I felt this was lacking for a premium Rusty Lake game. Same setting, throughout the game and similar characters, items and puzzles as older games. I didn't find this to be that fresh or exciting. I am not yet finished the game because I am truly enjoying the experience and do not want it to be over yet. I have played every rusty lake/cube escape game except for Roots and this is by far my favourite. This is like the best of every rusty lake game, fine tuned, controls refined, puzzles are clear and requires little to no guesswork (which can be a problem with these types of games), the story is taking shape and the graphics and art style are so unique and cool, I've always loved them. All in all a great addition to this series and lives up to all expectations. I only wish it didn't have to end. Wonderful job, developers! Great game as usual, but I would have liked to have seen more unique areas instead of always reusing the same ones. I would have also liked more interaction with the characters for more depth of story. I also thought the achievements could have been better and not just a reward for randomly tapping around. You could have used them to flesh out the story and characters more. Loved the game- it got me through a cross country flight without getting bored in the slightest. I usually play Rusty Lake games on the computer, so adjusting to the mobile format was a bit confusing and mildly frustrating, but once I got past that, I was hooked. Seriously I've never had a flight where I didn't get bored, and aside from one part where I got stuck and had to consult a walk through on the last plague, I was enthralled the entire time. Ugh, love this so much! Another brilliant game from Rusty Lake! Sooo when's the next one due?! Really enjoyed playing it : )  Would have loved it even more with a location shortcut:( + less of playing the same minigames like crab or vegi.  Can't wait for the next!! The only developer in the entire store I buy from! Purchased the second it was available and WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED! Until the next game, I will replay and find all achievements This game never make me bored I hope there will be more and more rusty lake in the future Absolutely brilliant. I really enjoyed the structure of the game, the puzzles were challenging and thought provoking yet not too difficult. As always, Rusty Lake has incubated a weird and wonderful mix of eerie yet soothing musical compositions, comically awkward line delivery and artistic animation that ties together all of the eccentricities that allows us to indulge in the freakiness that is the Rusty Lake universe. Cheers. happiest purchase I've made all year. OK so I played to the 10th plague spending my whole morning including lunch time and a half afternoon, until suddenly my cellphone were out of battery, and I restarted, finding I have to play from the 1st plague. :))))) There is a bug in this game.. whenever my phone screen turns off and then turns back on, the graph won't load... It's just a black screen.. I love Rusty Lake games so much!! Always a twist at every corner in the game you come to that makes the story even better!! Was waiting for this game so bad after I watched the trailer on Youtube! Played all the RL games recently but I played them before in the past and not in order and did not play all of them. Glad I played them all in order and fell in love with this eerie story of many different characters!! This installment had some great puzzles but overall seemed much shorter than Hotel and Roots. ***SPOILER*** Just updated the app. Still crashes after picking up the cube inside the boat in the Locusts chapter. NOTE: if you have problems with persistent crashing, try turning the graphics down. Thanks RL! Don't want to request a refund so soon but had to consult the walkthrough right at the beginning as I'm stuck. Turns out the problem is the box on the boat. Supposed to be able to drag the latches open. They aren't drag-able at all making this game unplayable. I have graphics set to lowest quality. Huge fan of all the Rusty Lake games, but this one fell flat for me. Puzzles were way too easy and parts I felt like the characters just told you the answers. The setting was just uninteresting. I'm crying because I've finished this season the day after it's released. When is the next one coming? 😂 I loved it. I little more difficult, but still great Not a disappointment at all!! Love the Rusty Lake games!! Technically, the game is perfect as usual. The only problem I found was in part 5: I put the bucket under the cow, and then completed the blister minigame without having filled it. When I got back, it had disappeared and I could only restart the level. I know it was stupid of me to leave it like that, but maybe other players could find themselves in the same situation. Apart from that, I didn't like the story as much as Roots: the parts were quite disconnected from each other and the characters less developed I think, so I found it a bit cold compared to your previous game. However I liked that the corrupted soul wasn't a villain this time, it was a nice change. I can't wait for your next game now, I hope it won't be too long until a trailer comes out! The game was very fun, but in comparison to roots it just didn't beat it. I felt the game overall one of the easier ones to beat. All in all its still a fun game and would recommend playing this and the rest of the series! It is the only game I'm willing to pay and I love everything Rusty Lake team is doing. Beautiful game that gets more complicated each level. The atmosphere, graphics, story - always the best! Played it 2 times already :) it is an amazig game no doubt i love every part of rusty lake games Another awesome episode. I loved every minute of it &lt;3 Once again, Rusty Lake delivers a great game To Rusty Lake team...guys you are incredible, your games are different, I have played them all and are by far the best games ever, if someone rates you less than 5 stars then theese games are not for them,**back to candy crush** , anyway good job and good luck with your next projects Rusty Lake never fails me, im so excited about this series, excellent Thank you so much for delivering another amazing game. Love the story, the puzzles and ALL those easter eggs you can find!! (Achievements). Rusty Lake is one of a kind.  Their games are ALWAYS great.  Money well spent for memorable experiences each time. I almost feel like I'd belong in this realm. A great game by Rusty Lake again... It's exciting and addicting. Beautiful as always! I absolutely loved this one! I love all the Rusty Lake games! Thank you for putting another one out! Another solid Rusty Lake title. This is a fantastic series. This game is a piece of art.  Took me about 8 hours to beat it. So intense, so beautiful, so magnificent. Long live the Rusty Lake team! Did not disappoint! THE RUSTY LAKE TEAM  NEVER FAILS ITS FANS. I THANK YOU FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART FOR SUCH WONDERFUL SERIES. Had an all nighter just so I could finish the game, totally worth it. Rusty Lake will rise again. Best game ever!!! All the Rusty Lake series are the best. I have been waiting so long for this. Had to wait until I got home from work to download. I've been waiting for this game FOREVER!! Thank You!!! I am so super excited to binge play all of the series again!! The best game ever ;) so excited it's here!! Gorgeous art, as always! &lt;3 Rusty Lake is a franchise that keeps on giving more each time. Never fails to deliver a wonderful escape game ♡ Amazing download! love it so much The best experience of adventure games in my life I just got the game and I'm so happy! It's my birthday today so I'm taking this as a gift from rusty Lake, Thank you for making such amazing games! (I just got roots as well!) This series never disappoints. The larest edition of my favourite game is here at last. I intend to savour every minute of play. TAKE MY MONEY! Waited and waited and waited and you delivered yet Again! You guys are absolute genius! Rusty Lake is incapable of making a bad game. Another five star effort. I have played and loved every single game in this series. They are so much fun and every one has a story I could never have predicted. Thank you so much for the work and love you put into these games! Always impressed. The first one I played of this series was roots! I was hooked. This eeire creepy vibe and everything, wonderful graphics. Keeps you interested and definitely worth the money! Strange storyline and just general weirdness. If you are into that , you'll love this! Thanks for all games and I well wait for more 😍 This is the best game with best storyline i've played. Thumbs up for the team. Good job! 😊😊 Yay!!! I have been waiting for this for so long! Nothing negative at all about the game itself, but Google Play is a little frustrating. I looked for this game and it was about 10 or 12 games down even though I typed in Rusty Lake Paradise. I've played every rusty lakes game and I cant wait to go through this one as well!! Ive been a fans since rusty lake roots,this game never fails me! I will never hesitate to buy/download Rusty Lake games. Thank you so much for the commitment and craft put into the series! I've been dying to play it!! Already rating 5 starts cause I know I'm gonna love it 💕 I've been waiting actively for Paradise,  and I am psyched to play. The Twin Peaks tones are strong with this one- The Owl!!!! The weird, stilted backwards talk!!!! So excited to waste my afternoon playing it today. It's finally here! Play now,...work....later :-) Downloading it, but 5 stars in advance Rating this as the game was installing. Haven't played it yet but I am so sure I am not gonna be disappointed. They've never let me down yet. Will update this in the off chance I won't like it. (doubtful) I just bought it. I'm gonna play now! OMG I've been waiting for this Love rusty lake games. Thanks ever so much for continuing to make them so fun to play. It's finally out! Best series of games ever Rusty Lake games are fun... If a bit dark. Awesome. Rusty Lake nails it again. Просто вау! Как и все остальные игры просто потрясающе. Я пошёл уже почти все, осталось только Rusty Lake Paradise. Спасибо большое разработчикам! Upd: теперь уже прошёл абсолютно все игры Want to give it more because it's a good game with an interesting story, but multiple of these games glitch or don't work when I play them. I'm stuck on the fertility level and thought I was being stupid. However I've looked at the walkthrough and the white flower is glitching and not letting me put any pollen on it. I've had other issues with these games too, such as hotel and case 23. Very disappointing as I really enjoy these games. Amazing. Made up of a lovely variety of taxing but satisfying mini puzzles. Great narrative. These guys are amazing! I got so excited when I was building the clock which is present in many games! You guys rock! My fav of thrm all! I love them My favourite of all the Rusty Lake / Cube Escape games I have played. I loved the story progression, and the fact you don't need to go running backwards and forwards looking for objects because every scene is a self-contained puzzle. Very clever and enjoyable. Absolutely love these games! Giv meh moar. I love the game, it really makes me feel at home. Love love I did not finish this game. Suicide, sexual themes, murder, and the occult. I do not know how this got a T rating. It should be rated M. I love all the cube escape games so much! Played them all at least once. Got my partner on them now and she loves them as well. Great music too! Amazing, greatly done so much fun Ominous feeling and vibes through the game, I've probably played all the games int the wrong order, but this was the real champ, I had to consult the walkthrough many times as I'm quite lazy and get annoyed when I'm stuck. But I like the game very much! Controls could be better.. I'd like it less than the other rusty lake game... All in all big thank you to the developers Amazing 👏 🙀 😮 Great games. I'm waiting for next one. Loses a star for final puzzle. They really screwed that one up. They need to update the game to fix that. Otherwise a pretty decent game It was a great game until about half way through, when i opened the game and it had reset itself! Don't know if i can be bothered to play all of it again... love the whole series so I was really looking forward to getting more info about the family tree! the game is solid but the sudden inclusion of sexual content in this one kind of offput me. Really good point and click, puzzle solving game with a weird twisted story and not too easy so you get bored. Love the rusty lake games So creepy but so good. Did have to get help a couple of times but that's OK. Love the whole series The puzzles are too simple even comparing to free games from Rusty Lake Great app! I enjoy all the Rusty Lake puzzles. A bit dark but that's part of the charm! Fantastic! Escape game perfection as all Rusty Lakes. Mental Health and Fishing forever! Another great addition to the Rusty Lake series definitely worth the money. Love the storyline and the effort put into making this game. Nice quirky game with a good feel, I read some reviews before hand its got a homley feel and game is quite easy to play the puzzles are quite simple the only reason for four stars is that I think it will be quite sort but worth the effort and money for more like this Ive played the rusty lake and cube escape series and I adore them all. Definitely recommend paying for them, this one in particular is long but oh so worth it in terms of the storyline. Disturbing and boring at the same time? Really..... unpleasant and upsetting. If reproductive horror is your genre, this sure is the game for you. If you just want to have a nice day, seek elsewhere. It manages to be tedious and really gross simultaneously. Fun game, but no matter what I do I can't make the baby appear in The Brood, rendering it unwinnable. The chapter the treasure is not working *SPOILER*the frog bugs coin thing didn't work I tried it 10 times Best game I have ever played! The artistry, the storytelling, the endless mysteries and tricks... Top tier! Award deserving, truly! Very good. Loses a star because the final puzzle is unreasonably obscure and difficult to solve. Awesome as always. All I want for Christmas are more Rusty Lake games! Great game play. Most of the puzzles aren't as hard as some of the other titles, but plenty are hard enough (I needed to use the walkthrough). Amazing. Always a treat and highly addictive. Excellent game I love this game sooooooooo much!! Rusty lake & cube escape series never disappoint me in puzzle solving while I'm still able to see the humanity behind. Can't wait for the coming games! Loved it Another fantastic expansion on the Rusty Lake world. This is the one series I'll buy on sight, without knowing anything about the latest installment. I haven't been disappointed yet. Great game! I really wish there was a little more to do after you collect all the medals and unlock the secret, but I can't complain about RL. Outstanding stuff; as someone who's never really enjoyed Lynch, this gives me the feeling that other people seem to get from his stuff. The lore and puzzles both hit that sweet spot of obscurity and comprehensibility. The art and music are lovely! I really enjoyed the game, played it all on one go, with the help of some walkthrough along the way. However, although I watched the walkthrough for the final one, it doesn't make sense to me. *SPOILER* The clues are clear, but when it comes to entering the numbers, it seems there are some flaws in the logic of it. This is one of my all time favourite games from the rusty lake series! I love that it gives the backstory of the characters we see throughout the games! My favorite of all the Rusty Lake games. I love the little details and quiet creepiness. I love how you learn more about the Rusty Lake backstory. I love the art style and story. Puzzles are great, not too hard, not too easy. I love all rusty lake games ❤ one of the few things ive reviewed and rated 😂😂 each segment was quite short in this one but there's a lot as you go up the tree so it's good! The only thing wrong with rusty lake is there's no more games left for me to binge on 😂 keep making em guys! Played and bought every one. Was hooked after stumbling onto samsara room :) Love these games and have played them all but hate that you have to drag the screen to navigate on this one so annoying! This is such a fun series to play! I played all the Rusty Lake games and I'm dying for more! I love the differences of hardness with each puzzle so you don't get burnt out. I think it's the most interesting game I've ever played. Thank you guys! :) I really enjoyed this game. I have played all the rusty lake games. More than once. Even bought Rusty lake game, which was amazing by the way. But this one has been a huge disappointment. All i have to do is click and turn off my brains. Expected way more from you guys! I lOVE this game Challenging but still enjoyable. Honestly the amount of content you get is worth the $3 I loved the art work, the story, the music. Very good game Whimsical and kind of morbid, has great storytelling. This is a fantastic game. Very nice and relaxing game After binging on all the cube escapes I bought The Hotel and was quite disappointed on that one (couldn't reset the room level without resetting the whole thing) so it was with a bot of temerity that I putchased Roots, but so don't regret it. Roots was a pleasure to play and graphics are easy on my eyes which lack the acuity to play most escape games out there. Have now played all Rusty Lake games and eagerly waiting for more to come out! I've played 8 rusty lake games so far and this one is my favorite!! That is a very developed game and very interesting and consistent story. I feel bad for the family tho. I would watch a TV series made of it for sure. Good job I like the story and the art. The puzzles aren't that hard, and the interface is mediocre. Often I find myself with the solution in my mind and struggling with the interface to implement it. Personally I dislike trial and error puzzles and there are a few, which are even worse because of the cumbersome interface. As I said, I've enjoyed the development of the story but I'll stay away from further releases because of the easy puzzles and the difficult interface. De lo mejor que jugué So, I'm pretty sure this is the last Rusty Lake game available. I've already solved the other games, ironically starting w/Samsara's Rm. I played out of order which was exciting to see how everything connects. This is my least favorite game. It's been 2 days since I finished the last Rusty Lake game. I changed my rating from 2 🌟 to 5 🌟 because I've been trying to play other similar games by different developers and they don't compare. Please make another game soon. I'm dying of boredom. The walkthrough now just leads to the main page of the games website. This alchemist created a lightbulb that sparked the idea of putting things on top of other things, like cabinets. Endless room for trees, flowers, pots, shells, shrimps, explosives, et cetera... Brilliant. I LOVED this game! Fun games. But just not into devil stuff. Great game I loved this game. The stories of the family were so intriguing. I'll definitely be buying more. Money well spent. Rusty Lake is one of the true gems of the Android Store. Another great game in the rusty lake series played all of them and never got bored, easy-moderate level puzzles with a lovely esthetic and creepy vibes. Great except the final jar balancing thing. Go find a walkthrough before you drive yourself nuts. The one I found even mentioned that the logic is a bit wonky. I really loved rusty lake hotel, so I had very high expectations for this game since it's 2$ more. I am happy to say that I was not disappointed. Hi, I love the Rusty Lake series and already played several of them. Because of the very short episodes this one loses some atmosphere and the puzzles are often too easy to solve. Having to push a child with his teddy into a well is quite cruel and left a bad taste during the rest of the game. The puzzles were rather simpler and it was pretty quick to finish the game. The game was more about exploring the story and I enjoyed following the story while not having to get stuck on difficult puzzles. Thank you Rusty Lake for creating quality games. Amazing storytelling. For this game and the entire series. Just a collection of mini puzzles that were simple, not like the other rusty lake games. DO NOT PAY FOR THIS GAME. Try their other free games, they're much better. Great storytelling and interesting game I have been so addicted to this series. I gladly paid for this game, but you all gave me so so much more than I could have ever anticipated. I felt spoiled. And though I found the elixir in the end, I think I tried every possible combination for all those ingredients.. just to see how far and how many things I could possibly create. The caramel was funny lol and so was dynamite back to dust. Thank you so much! Amazing!! There is a glitch in the Android version of Rusty Lake: Roots where it will not let me remove the bullet with the pincers. Love these games, keep up the good work but please fix the glitch or provide a cheat around it or something. This is one of my favorite escape game series. Also there's a solid 30+ levels, so the game is definetly worth the money. My first purchased Rusty Lake game. Did enjoy the puzzles. Some were real head scratches and I had to go to the video. Some solutions were logical others I didn't get, nevertheless It was worth the money. Now on to "Paradise". The cube escape series is simply one of the best games I have played, everything from the puzzles, story and spookiness factor are great. But the paid games are quite different and a disappointment compared to them. Roots focuses on telling the background story for the cube escape series, but telling that story takes precedence over having a quality game. It's really 33 separate and easy puzzles. Happy to pay the developer to support them, but it's really a donation for the series. This one might be my favorite! Loved it I have played all of Rusty Lake's games, Roots probably being my favorite so far, and have loved them all. Highly recommend their games to anyone wanting a new experience in room escape puzzle type games. Havent come across anything quite so well put together. The simple cartoonish graphics keep you detached just enough for the engrossing fascinatingly disturbing storyline to not be a problem. Hope to play more. Good game. I would recommend it to anyone who likes puzzling things out. The artwork was also outstanding. Anything this developer makes has been top notch gents. Some items are just annoying on how the game is. Not terribly difficult just frustrating how to play Excellent game. My favourite of the Rusty Lake games! It is nice to meet all the family members and see their story. Strongest in the series, and actually has a cohesive narrative. Worth every penny! 😍😍😍 I should start by telling you that i am a hige fan of the series. One of the main reason i actually bought the game(i haven't paid for a game before) was because i couldn't get enough of rusty lake games. But that was also a problem with this one, there was just too much content. If youce played even simple ones like cube escape :Arles, the stages were far more spacey and mysterious and challenging than in any one of the stages you get in this game even after you pay. Repetitive. Disappointing amazing game!! definitely the best one!! I loved and I wanna play again... beautiful art, amazing history and surprises at the end... 1000000 As usual I dont knoa how you do it, this is just the best game ever! You can replay it again and again, you just cant get tired of it! Wonderfully macabre and surreal. Enjoyable extra game. Lots of levels and puzzles. Good walkthroughs if you get stuck I really enjoyed this game! I loved the story and the art style, plus all of your other games are really interesting to play and experience. Guys. I cannot compliment you enough. The only thing this game leaves me wishing for is your future projects to have an even larger scope (maybe pc?). And maybe for the puzzles to be sliiightly more complex (maybe some extra challenges?). A small "technical" compliment: I was playing on my Samsung Note and it's one of the few games that were really comdortable to play with a pen. Good job. Very simple, boring. I love the other games but this one is more like a version for 8 year olds. I played a lot of Rusty Lake quest series and this is by far my least favourite one. Since it's a paid game I thought it would be even greater than the rest, but I found it way worse. Each episode was was short, no twists, mostly point and click without thinking, nothing you'd expect from them. Any one of their free games is more exciting and elaborate. I'd like to support the developer for more great content, but not with this. Would not recommend buying and honestly wish I'd get a refund 😑 This may be my favorite Rusty Lake game so far. It is absolutely grand and ambitious, which is why it took me the longest to play through. I also highly recommend doing the 'secret' level. Roots is truly what establishes Rusty Lake as an entire world, not just a game series. Superb game! Just exceptional. The artwork, the story, the atmospheric music, and the dark puzzles and logic problems are all first rate. More please Rusty Lake! I downloaded this game before a 6 hour flight. Thanks to Rusty Lake the time flew by Fun with a great, compelling, story. Didn't care for this game too much. Most of the tasks were really obvious and easy, a few harder ones though. A couple, including the last challenge, made zero sense, even after watching the walkthrough. Best story and puzzles. Story line was just too discusting, I could not finish the game. I don't mind morbidity of the other games but this one made me vomit. It's kind of cool, but some of the problems seem kind of obtuse. The last one is almost impossible. I looked it up and apparently the clue is unlocked by finishing it? Maybe I'm being dumb. It's otherwise a pretty cool game though. My favourite part. Dark and consistent By far my favourite Rusty Lake/Cube Escape game. I have enjoyed all the dozen or so rusty lake games that I have played. This one is awesome but a lot easier than most other RL games. What I liked most was that getting all the hidden secrets at the end unlocked another secret puzzle which is unlike either RL Paradise or Hotel where getting every achievement just added some small element to the story even though it was hard to get the achievements. I think being rewarded with a whole new puzzle after obtaining all secrets is most exciting. I played all the free cube escape games from Rusty Lake before trying their paid for games. The paid games are very different experiences, much less puzzle games and more story (but not that much) games. In Roots, you basically have 33 levels, of which a majority are just tapping around some super obvious task. There were a few puzzles in there, just not as much as a regular game. More varied environments and better sound and graphics though. Longer too. Best bang for your buck. Cool story with fun puzzles and lots of content. Sometimes it's pretty challenging. I really was enjoying this game until I was unable to beat Albert playing chess. I can get to the king but the game won't let me knock the king off the board like it did when Frank was playing the king. So can't finish the game. 😑 It would be great if you could help me with this. 5 stars if I could get thru it. 🖤🖤🖤🖤 I got stuck at the paint the picture part cause I couldnt paint the ground yellow. I painted the entire picture yellow befor it worked. Very fun game! Love them all. Spent $ but it was worth the challenge! So good! Creepy &emotional. I love this series & have been playing them non-stop since stumbling across Samsara Room. The puzzles are similar to the other Rusty Lake games - a few challenges but most fit the pattern. Roots provides back story for one of the main characters in the series, although it throws up as many questions as it answers. The Childbirth part made me laugh (if only it were that easy!), I cried at one point (Emma!) & found it best not to play Albert's chapters at night... Always love rusty lake games and love the story 😁 I love rusty lake more than any games i have ever played I hoped to play more in the future keep them up I will always be your biggest fan thankfully tina Beautiful artwork and fun bite-sized puzzles. A light-hearted creepy vibe that is enjoyable. I haven't played the others in the series, but based on this one I would keep going. Absolutely fantastic! Loved this game. Challenging and unsettling. Perfection Really great game with unique and fun puzzles Glitches and far too easy. There are other rusty lake game which are harder and more thought provoking that i would have happily paid to play, but not this one. Just downloaded it, don't even have to open it to know this game is going to be amazing. I've played almost all the Rusty Lake Cube Escape games bar one. By far the best games out there. Keep up the good work! Adore Rusty Lake games. This is no different. Unique puzzles and gameplay and a walk through should you get stuck on something. Very entertaining. Once again I'm disappointed by a game that I paid for. Why are your free games such nice hard riddles, and the ones you have to pay for feel like a click and point adventure for kids? I mean the art and story is great as always in your games. But it really felt like following orders rather than having to think by myself. Buy this game if you want some relaxing idle game, but not if you want puzzles comparable to the cube escape ones. I downloaded a random cube escape game when searching for a "point and click" game, and instantly fell in love with the series. As someone who went to school for creative writing and art, I love the weird story and the art style. Playing through the series has helped my anxiety at night when I can't sleep, and sadly I've now I've played all the free and premium ones (and I NEVER purchase games or take the time to review apps). Can't wait to see what you come out with next! Great game, worth the money. One HUGE issue is the very last puzzle, why would you put the hint in the box AFTER you have already solved it? Imaginative & great fun. I'd not played many games on my device, then covid-19 came down the line. Now I'm hooked on Rusty Lake games. I love the dark humour, the music and the storytelling You've helped to keep me sane in these dark days. Awesome game! I love the Rusty lake collection. Keep up the great work and make more games! This is legendary 🐴 wow AWESOME! Great story, weird, but great. Love the Rusty Lake. Just a tip for players. Use your camera to take pictures of clues so you don't have to click back and forth or write it all down. THANKS FOR A GREAT GAME Excellent Gameplay and Storyline. Wonderful and Very Challenging Puzzles. Highly Recommended. More, More, More!! Wife loved it Best of all Really like RL Roots. It is broken down into small chapters and I enjoyed getting to know the charcters and their fates. The RL humour and twisted story lines are some of their best. Love it , it is a little simpler comparing to some other rusty lake games but I still throughly enjoy it. Loved it, always great games. A few puzzles took me awhile to figure out but very entertaining. Disturbing but entertaining. An absolutely beautiful game! I loved both its imaginative puzzles and story. The game even provides walkthroughs for each level itself! I don't have a single bad word for it. Kudos to the design team and the writers! Great, as usual. I only have one more Rusty Lake app left to play, which is very bittersweet. All their games are addictive. This game is phenomenal! I love mystery games in general, but what makes this one different is the brilliant and intricate lore it introduces. Kudos to the Rusty Lake team! Loved it! This was awesome. Perfect for me, little snippets then moving on, another like this would be welcomed! Love this! The game is good but the story is grose. cool game :D This was a good one! Had to look up walk throughs for a few of the puzzles since the end goal for them are not at all clear. Overall, it was worth the few bucks. The creepy pretty aesthetic keeps me coming back to these Rusty Lake games. This game was very addictive, loved every minute of playing it . Really makes you use your brain to work each scene and character out . Might have been the best one? HARD TO SAY! theyre all 5 stars. This particular game has many short puzzles which tells a story of the characters as they progress. Only a few puzzles seemed a bit awkward to complete. Maybe some better clues could be integrated. However Roots will keep you interested as you progress up the tree. Each level is relatively quick to complete giving you a sense of achievement each time you complete a level. Keep making more. I have played all. I'm really disappointed, I bought this game, played the first 2 levels then got to "the uncle" I've watched the walk through several times and done exactly what it does but the cabinet will not open. После бесплатных игр я ожидала чего-то большего, все задачки были избитыми и довольно лёгкими. Но за сюжет определённо плюс! Ну и семейка у них конечно) Amazing 👏 I almost never leave reviews, but this game is fantastic. I love everything rusty lake puts out but this game is a step above. The format of the many interconnected smaller levels is brilliant, right down to the end game. It's hard but not impossible, a must try game. loved it Rusty lake do the best puzzle games available they are are beautifully illustrated, challenging and complex - this particular game goes for such a long time and with multiple linked storylines One my favorite rusty lake games. Finished them all.😥hopefully there will be more to come. Loved all of them thanks for the enjoyment. Great work!!! Way too easy compared to other Rusty Lake games. Great dark puzzle game for people who aren't offended by a bit of crudeness. Loved it. As usual, well done! Amazing game! Love this game, best one in the series so far! Very creepy. This game is fascinating. It tells a unique and unlikely story about a family tragedy. It was worthy for me to paid for :) Best game ever!!! Working great until past level 20 and can't get past the levels . Checked the walkthroughs and my levels are definitely glitching :( I am a fan of Rusty Lake since the Kongregate days. I love this unique mixture of a bit of horror, surrealism and mystery. The games have an effective atmosphere and do not have overly hard puzzles. Though I did use the walkthrough a couple of times. 😀 This particular game is much larger than the free games. It has 33 levels, that represent 33 smaller games actually. So it's definitely worth getting. Definitely worth the money, hours of gameplay with a mixture of puzzles with a cool story so addictive! The rusty lake games are my favorite games to play on my phone! This one is definitely their best game. It's challenging and creepy. I get excited any time i see them put out a new game Rusty Lake games are my absolute favorite! I have played them all (except Hotel and that's currently downloading) this one is my favorite! I think. I got really stuck on one specific puzzle but it wouldn't be a fun puzzle game if I didn't STRUGGLE with at least one puzzle. These games are awesome because you have to use your brain but the puzzles aren't impossible. I have yet to find any other games made as well as the Rusty Lake games. Please make more 😀 I have two problems with Roots. First, multiple fails on installation. After I got through, it was a breeze until the Child's Play. Emma won't react to Albert? Even after I reset the game TWICE. Please do fix this bug, because I'm a true blue fan and have played all of the game so far (Rusty Lake: Hotel included) and I have to say that I highly admire this universe and all of its craft. I'd be damned to not finish it in an orderly manner. Thank you! -Mr. Fox A little grueling at times, but very strange and interesting over all. Challenging, engaging, and worth the money. I can't get enough of Rusty Lake games!! This was so good, well worth the purchase. Another fantastic story from Rusty Lake. Really enjoyed the episodic story arc, not for the faint hearted though, it's pretty creepy as it progresses! Well worth the purchase, especially considering the free Rusty Lake games available. Magical Why does the music sound like a tame version of The Room's music? I'm about 3 or 4 levels in and I'm unimpressed. It's mildly OK, but that's it. Love this game! The Staircase bookshelf doesn't make sense. I would never know that the left most book was the HALF ORANGE one if I didn't go to YouTube. Just WHY? Suitcase just doesn't open. Even though I've put the code in. Couldn't find any help links so posting here. I'm loving this game, but I have a problem! I made a mistake on The Brood puzzle, I did something in the wrong order, so nothing is happening in the bottle. Is there a way to restart the puzzle? Please help! Just brilliant! Few of the logics are not right at place. But yea with some head scratching it's alright. Simply amazing! The puzzles were great, intriguing, not too difficult as long as you pay attention and layered, which is tough to do. If you haven't play any of the other Rusty Lake "escape rooms" PLEASE play those first because when you complete this one you'll feel more satisfied, like a well balanced story. Very well-done and the story is stunning. However, clues for the last puzzle are not enough, not clear, and confusing. Ruined the whole experience that had been amazing. Tbh is the most crazy (f up - in positive way) part from whole series. Im not sure how you coming up with this ideas, but i wish you many more in future, cos is very addictive 💞 thank you Rusty Lake Roots is my favorite game in the Rusty Lake series. Fun, entertaining, and interesting storyline. I'd give it 5 stars were it not for one thing. Level The Painting: the painting is completely and correctly done (even checked the walk trough), but the level does not progress. Even redid the level a few times to no avail. No problem in completing the other levels. Well worth playing. Now can someone fix the issue for me on that level? I've become big fan of RustyLake, games... BUT.making a main character masturbate into a jar to collect his semen is disgusting. The Albert character development, 4th scene I think, you must make him masturbate to collect his semen so he can concoct a test tube baby. And while no nudity is shown, the semen is shown in which you dump it into a apparatus. Its plain gross and i'm not squeamish about a lot of things. How this got past Google is beyond me. Its not subtle. Cannot wait for the next games. Love the rusty lake series. I discovered Rusty Lake games when the covid 19 crisis hit and I needed a bit of a distraction from the stress of my job as a support worker. I have to say these games have saved my sanity, they're absorbing, entertaining & difficult enough for me to want to figure them out but also very simplistic and beautiful. Also a little bit dark and twisted, which I love. Another awesome game in the series! Really fun, and different! The bonuses at the end were a nice feature, too! Keep it up Rusty Lake! Keep making your games, I'll keep buying them! 👍 On to "Paradise" now! Wow, really special! Rusty lake puzzles broken down into tiny stories. Incredible. Not sure how my review got deleted. I've played all of the Rusty Lake games listed on Google Play, except for Hotel, so far. This would have to be my favorite of them. The story really gripped me and drew me in. The puzzles were challenging enough without being too difficult, with some minor exceptions. I'll admit that a lot of the Rusty Lake games tend to lose me in terms of what's going on, but this one felt very cohesive and I actually understood what was happening :) Fantastic and eerie puzzle game similar to the cube escape series but with much more content I adore this game. It is so wonderfully and creepily done. Dark story, challenging puzzles. Made me forget I paid money for the game: worth every cent. I did feel that there was not enough direction provided in some of the levels regarding what to do to solve certain puzzles. But in the face of everything this game gets right I think that the minor flaws can definitely be overlooked. The Cube Escape and spinoffs are the best in the puzzle-solving genre and it was a pleasure to play. Definitely worth the money, glad to support. This game is a masterpiece. This is a good game if you like gore. 33 scenes with puzzles. Some are more difficult than others. The last one is particularly hard. I had to use a few cheats to complete some of the scenes Rusty Lake is one of my favorite game series. I've played literally every title they've put out. This is another good one, probably the best yet. The story is very unique as well as the graphics. You get a lot of game for the price. There are quite a few levels and they're all good. Excellent. 33 short puzzles so it doesnt get too confusing. Loved it I ve seen better graphics, and harder puzzles Amazing ! Ive really liked this game i cant get nsick playing the puzzles here even if its hard ive shared this to many of my friends and they liked it too thank you rusty lake Love every Rusty Lake games! this game is just too good Incredible. Such a great game! Interesting story and challenging puzzles. Loved the free rusty lake games, decided to buy hotel, roots and paradise. They are not on par with the free ones imo. Didn't have fun with these but I paid for em so I finished em The art, music and atmosphere is fantastic as always. The 3d effect is nice as well, but seems to have limited the size of the puzzles, generally they are shorter and thereby sometimes lack logic or fantasy. Still few puzzles are as ingenious as ever, so again thanks very much for this fun game! Some of the puzzles were janky and the final puzzle didn't even make sense. *FINAL ROOM SPOILER* Blood from her eye and tears from her finger? It doesn't make sense. The eye ball is equal to 5 because it's the only pedestal left open? What??? The fact that I have to do a walk through to make it through the last puzzle is a big let down. This was my least favourite of the rusty lake games (cube escapes and hotel are the best imo) but still fantastic. Rusty Lake sets THE BAR for me for games. Amazing developers that obviously care about their craft: thoughtful, story-driven, clever. Roots, though, I felt was too many characters introduced too rapidly. Would have loved more on each character/story. It was ambitious but I felt like I was reading the cliff notes for a dozen great books all at once. Still, worth the $ though -- so much better than many games out there. Absolutely stunning. The highlight of the Rusty Lakes series so far. Riddles are quite tricky at times. Highly recommended! Brilliant game. If you haven't played any Rusty Lake games you should start now from the beginning! The best Rusty lake game so far Wow, it is really long game. But the best is the story, details and how is everything connected. I love the rusty lake series ! Great game and if I get stuck there's a direct link to walkthroughs. Thank you! Keep going. Fun fun game. Let's you learn the history of the characters in the cube escape games This is, hands down, my favorite game. I love the concept, the execution, the characters, everything. I like it, it's different but in a good way. but for God's sake please stop putting random poles in the centre of the room. Also, I'd like to replay 1 level, I tried to replay via the settings but it won't let me? Everything these creators make is AMAZING! I absolutely love each and everyone of Rusty Lake's games! I am just missing one or 2 games that I haven't played yet and I am so looking forward to get them :) keep up the excellent work guys! Exciting and amazing game! Possibly the best game available. Incredibly comprehensive in the storyline and really beautiful art. Love all of your games, guys! Thank you for doing such a great job! Looking forward for a new one, it's been a while since your last publishing. The most perfect games of their kind I have ever seen. This is one of the best Rusty lake games. Gives a few vital pieces to the overall puzzle of the series (explains that cute dogs existence in all the previous games) and the bite sized portions of all the puzzles makes it much less frustrating and i found myself never needing to consult a walkthrough (until the final level, where the logic it expects you to use utilizes math, which was NEVER A PART OF THE DEAL, RUSTY LAKE. NO MATH). I highly recommend this one. Kinda disappointed from this one. I am a huge fan of the other Rusty Lake games, played them all. This one lacks logic in puzzles. You have to do completely random things that make no sense. I stucked a lot here although I didn't stuck on the other ones. Sadly, I will not finish it. Highly recommend you to play the other Rusty Lake games and skip Roots. I wish this game lasted forever!! Love it!!!! Really fun to play. Besides the game itself there is no real money usage during the game. Definitely buying the other series!!! Love these macabre puzzle games! All their titles are great. Challenging and fun! This is my favorite Rusty Lake game, it's detail oriented and really fun. Playing all the Cube and Lake games in order. I am currently in this one. I can already tell I am going to want to play ALL of the game series OVER again just for FUN. I am so into this creepy little story and I wish I could dig in the devs brains about it! Great game. The extra game is a really nice touch 👍 difficulty level: -- medium . still very enjoyable Good graphics and puzzles are challenging, but solvable even for less intelligent players (me). Very long game...worth a dollar. Only negative is I solved the last puzzle and it acted like I didnt...I even looked up the hint and it was exactly what I did! More of a walk about the family past than an interesting, cohesive puzzle game like the cube-escape. Does not come close to Cube escape 23. It's not too bad given that they'd to balance difficulty with enjoyment for a paid version. As long as you've no serious expectations , this watered down version is alright. I bought it as a tribute to rusty lake for their cube escape series. Love the game as I loved all the Rusty Lake games. Creepy and depressive as always but there's something about it that I like so much. Surrealism maybe. Puzzles are mostly easy in "The Roots" and even predictable, but nevertheless I still found them exciting. Thanks a lot! I'm a fan of Rusty lake and I've played all games in the saga, but this is the only one that I liked the least. The story gets a bit confusing at the end, but it gives a good background to the other games. The main thing I didn't enjoy: the controls are completely different from the other ones. In some parts it's quite buggy (needing to press a few times on items before actually engaging with them; in the chapter with the bee and the flowers long press instead of 1tap). Waiting for the next! Great game. Keep doing what you're doing guys. Best game I have played in years... Suited my humour 😀 Not very good at posting review, but this puzzle/adventure/family game was the best I've ever played. Rusty Lake, ya'll have done it again!!! This is by far my most favorite game in the Cube Escape/Rusty Lake series!!!Keep up the good work and I am very excited for The White Door!!!!! Amazing game! Amazing puzzles and storyline. Probably the best I've played so far I played Paradox first and I got hooked with cube escape games. I bought Roots to support devs and the game didn't disappoint me. I like the storyline, a bit eerie but nonetheless enoyable and challenging. Keep up the good work, Rusty Lake! Good story and puzzles, but pretty dark, borderline depressing. Maybe best to avoid playing if you're feeling gloomy. Although I solved the puzzles many were confusing and not at all intuitive. The story was even worse as even upon completion I'm still not sure what happened. Wish I could refund. Excellent! Played it last year, now end of 2019 I'm reinstalling to play it again :) can't wait for the new project! The longest of the Rusty Lake games which makes it well worth the 99p it cost me! Took me a while to complete. Found it pretty dark, even for Rusty Lake, but enjoyed it nonetheless. Please keep em coming! Game is very well made, good art, creative. But I'm disappointed by the lack of logic in the puzzles. The strategy required in this game is to randomly try using every object with every other object. There is no thinking, no logical connections to the actions that are required. E.g. you need to put coins over a corpse's eyes in order to make an eyeball fall out of its mouth. Randomly clicking around like this is boring and feels like a waste of time. It looks great, but gameplay is not rewarding Very disappointing. I had found the free rusty lake games to have decent puzzles even if I don't care for the weird gory/absurb tone it goes for. But these puzzles sucked. Levels are tiny with puzzles usually easy but sometimes obtuse. Often i have finished them and wondering what is left to do but i just had to click a certain spot to end the level. Sometimes the clues dont match the solution. The walkthrough link goes to a page with nothing but ads on it. Also spent time fighting bad controls. Why is this so SLOW on my Pixel Slate? It takes nearly 20 seconds to draw the box around the play button when opening the game. The game is so unresponsive it's unplayable. Replying to the author - the last update currently shown on your app is from September - LAST YEAR! Great art It was such an interesting artist perspective and the storyline was addicting. I have now downloaded all of their games because of my amazement with this one Really truly amazed by the quality of all the rusty lake. Well worth the money spent. I played the whole series so far and they never seem to disappoint in any ways. Thanks to the whole team and keep up the great work👏👏👏👍👍👍 I just finished Roots, and I am so amazed by the puzzles. They explain it all, the whole story behind the story. I am definitely not disappointed spending money on it. VERY WELL DONE TEAM !!!! excellent! One of the best Games in Play Store This game is absolutely amazing and I have played all the cube escapes and Hotel and they were wonderful. I am now up to Roots and during the painting game, whenever I finish the painting it doesn't seem to finish the game. I have restarted the game about 7 times and watched walkthroughs on the level and it doesn't seem to want to finish. Please help me to fix this issue as I can't finish the game. Other than that, this game is absolutely fantastic and I am in love with the story and the horror. Great storyline and game play It's gotta be hard to keep producing winners, but the Rusty Lake devs have done just that. Roots is very engaging and quite different from its predecessors, but still has that quirky, somber, somewhat disturbing gameplay this series is famous for. I found these puzzles a bit easier (thank you), but still needed the walkthrough at times. XLNT work; job well done! I love this game! Worth the money. Brilliant .... best one yet ! One of the best mobile games I've ever played. Great story with a truly creepy atmosphere. Be warned, if you don't like jump scares, there are a few. I love the family tree component of the story and the motifs that are established for each character. The graphics and sound are awesome. Some of the puzzles are not the most intuitive, but I didn't want an easy game that could be finished in an hour. That said, the walkthroughs help in a pinch. Definitely a Rusty Lake fan. Loved it! More of these unique, intriguing little games please! This one took me a few days, worth the money. Did not want it to end! Solved the extras after a while (more luck than judgement with the elixir it is fair to say!!) I need another rusty lake game in my life!!! This series of games is my absolute favorite!!! Amazing! Best rusty lake or cube escape game ever. When there's going to be more!! Loved it!! Good but glitchy... the other free games of the series were much better... still, I'm hooked, so I'll buy the next one 🤷🏾‍♀️ Excellent game Rusty lake game series is the best game series I have ever played and this episode is so far my favourite. I played mutiple times and still enjoyed it. Nice job. some simple puzzles, some I had to get a couple hints. Played on a Galaxy Note 8 running 9.0 and using the S pen. This is definitely one of the better puzzle games that I've played on the Play Store. It's a solid bang for the buck. It will take you awhile to complete the game without using any walk-throughs which they provide should you need them, so you'll never get stuck and just give up. It's very well thought out and challenging at times in figuring out some of the puzzles. I'm looking foward now to playing their next game Rusty Lake Paradise. I love these...when will you put out more? I will follow! I litterly have played everything you guys have made 😁 Really good puzzles and interesting plot and artwork!! Worth giving a go! Unconvinced by first couple of levels then became addicted for next 30! Will now be downloading all Rusty Lake games! All of the rusted roots games are so amazing. I wish they would make another one! Upon starting off, I was a little confused as everything looked so happy and bright. It quickly turned into exactly what I've come to love about both these and the Cube Escape games. In other words, I was so very, very wrong with my initial confusion. A wonderful game for fans of either or both of the series. Different set up, but very well executed. Probably my favorite from the Rusty Lake series. ❤❤❤❤❤ I love its series and i havebeen playing it in my computer too and i looovvveeee ittt Top quality. Wish this company made more games without in app purchases and adds. Would buy the same format every day of the week. I loved this Rusty Lake THE BEST!!! Great love it Won't regret buying My new favorite Rusty Lake game 🤤 From time to time i just download some puzzle, play a bit and forget. But there are these rare gems that get stuck. This one is creepy, slightly challenging and well worth the price. I am going to check the other games from this company right away. Keep up the great work! This was a really fun and imaginative game, kind of as if Edgar Allen Poe and Edward Gorey got together and made a video game. It's quite macabre, and not for the faint of stomach. The art and music are perfect. This is by far, the most unique mistery game. Worth the money. I just hoped that the developer made many more game like this. Thank you for making this game. This game was my intro to Rusty Lake franchise, it was truly amazing! I couldn't resist myself reading the full story on Reddit but still intrigued to play the rest of series, starting from Paradise Island. An interesting chapter of the series I absolutely LOVE the Rusty Lake and Cube Escape games, and this one might just be my favourite. It has so many secrets and twists, it answers to the questions I had about what happened after Rusty Lake: Paradise and before Rusty Lake Hotel. I highly recommend it to anyone thinking about playing it. It's also very affordable. Definitely worth the couple of euros ❤️ Best game ive played so far, keep up the good work I absolutly LOVE the Rusty Lake games and recommend them to everyone! Too easy... Each level is just going through the motions. But still, I love the series Pretty good game. But I'm a bit concerned because it has constantly glitched throughout and now it won't respond to any movements I make in the screen. I have paid for the game please fix this. It takes away the fun of the game. Roots really brought the story together for me - so much makes sense now! I never pay for games, but I bought these without hesitation! The Rusty Lake story is Harry Potter epic - just incredible and I'm totally blown away by it! The puzzles are also always creative and challenging! Can't wait for the next one! fun and interesting My first time playing a game from this series and I absolutely love it.  I've put a few hours in each night for a week and seem to be coming to the end.  Each puzzle is unique and keeps me interested.  Highly recommend! 👍✌️ I love all of Rusty Lake games. Dark stories, challenging puzzles. Please make more lol this is my favorite of the rusty lake games, though I really recommend that its played last- otherwise the familial overview loses its significance. Rusty lake games all have a very original & sinister history in story line- though if you arent a regular gamer, they can be a bit difficult to navigate what the next step should be. meow Worth it!! Love the puzzle and story play eventhough it's quite challenging. I love it. 😍 I don't see how we are supposed to solve the last puzzle in the staircase episode. excellent game it is amazing This one seems to be a fav among fans but not so much for me. Didn't enjoy it as much though really not sure why. I just felt like I was just playing through the branches though it does come together in the end. Think this one was just heavier with parts I had to close my eyes on. Someone on the Rusty Lake staff has an issue with babies lol. At some point it just gets weary. Alas that is all saved by Paradise.... Awesome, great game.. Really enjoyed it,, The story still interesting.. 😍😎 Although stuck at several puzzles, and need help from walkthrough,, LOL The hardest puzzle was that extra chapter to make elixir.. What a bunch of combinations,, 👍👍👍 i really loved the rusty lake games, but i found that this one was too simple. I loved the game but it was a bit of a bummer that I had to pay other than that it's a great game and I hope you make more free ones thanks for all the rest though. Rusty lake could you please reply I never get any meseges from any one exept pocket. Every Rusty Lake game deserves 5 stars. These puzzle games are so full of content and secrets. The puzzles are challenging but not frustrating and the solutions make logical sense unlike a lot of puzzle games. Everything from the art and mechanics to the macabre story full of mysteries have me waiting patiently for the next game Rusty Lake puts out. This is a pretty decent game. Some of the puzzles seem to have no logic. I had to use AppunWrapper for some of the number puzzles and then some off the wall ones that had to have some things in certain sequences that I couldn't figure out. Were there clues to the sequence of having the two people dance by the record player? Who figures that out?! Also, I wish there was a little more dialogue to the stories, it feels empty. But overall, good game. I ofent stayed up till 4am playing, addictive. Amazing! Great and interesting puzzle and storyline. Almost threw my phone while watching the scenes in the crystal ball. 😅🤣 Loved it, as all of the Rusty Lake series. Just one thing: launching it is a bit hit and miss on a Chromebook. Seems randomly not to start, and then starts ... Maybe that's fitting for Rusty Lake ... awesome amazing game! my one criticism was that sometimes the puzzles were a little too obscure. i ended up using the videos a little too much, didn't feel as rewarding. the extras were a fantastic addition. This is my favorite game of rusty lake and i feel so glad because the pieces of the story got connected after playing it. Spooky, Quirky Puzzle Game with Great World Building Actually, Zero rating. This game is too dark and sad for me. I don't like killing and blood graphics. I am 66 and love escape Adventure games that are not violent. Awesome 👍 i love eveey game they have ever made. beautifully done PLEASE MAKE ANOTHER GAME AS SOON AS POSSIBLE! I've already finished every single game you guys have made and now I'm bored ! Best games ever from every single Cube escape game and have purchased all the games as well.. just overall amazing please make more You arrive at an eerie island that is attacked by seven plagues and you need to help your family trough them... but is ir really that simple? Great point & click linchean game, the cryptic narrative may not be for everyone but the nice artstyle and fun puzzles could be Amazing piece of surrealist art yet still grounded with a story of family Excellent point and click. Best I've played on mobile. The whole cube escape series which is free are brilliant and the two paid games I've bought so far are well worth it. Incredible fun and mysterious game love it but wish it had less gory stuff. It's worth every cent this is a great game to play if you are looking for a fun challenge. I have played just about all of the Rusty Lake games. there has not been a game that has disappointed me. each puzzle is unique in its own way. I love it. Masterpiece! I love all the Rusty Lake games, this included, but felt that most of the puzzles were a teensy bit too straightforward. Lots of them to get through so good longevity, but I wanted to get stuck on a real headscratcher, and that level of difficulty or ambiguity was sometimes missing. That can all be part of the fun! Whoever downloads the game will be richly rewarded though. Still by far my favourite game series Best chapter of the series I love the rusty lake games! i recommend this game to any one who enjoys escape games. Roots is one if the more accessible and slickest of the RL games, without compromising on the series' dark humor. If you're just diving in I'd go with this, or better off work chronologically through the catalog. amazing game! all these games are dope o.m.g 👍 Too easy and repetitive compared to other Cube escape games. Really do not like the gameplay Probably my favorite game in the series. It's an excellent story, told in such a brilliantly subtle way that when the player figures out what's going on it's as though they're writing the story themselves. I've never seen a story told like this in any movie, book, or anything ever. The subtlety of it gets the player all the more invested. So great! It was fun to play, and the story and refrences have been pieced toghether a little more. Idk if I've just gotten used to it but it felt easier to play and I only had to use the walkthrough a few times. Loved the ending (Rose was one of my favorites lol) Some of the puzzles are great, however as you progress the lack of information you are given to solve some puzzles is frankly a joke. It becomes a guessing game, you know what you have to do but not exactly how to do it. so you just repeat the same puzzle over and over and over. No logic involved. I would like a refund, had the game less than 24 hours, why is this not an option?! great play - thoroughly enjoyed this one love everything about all of it I'm really not the type of person who spend money on games, but as soon as I play rusty lake games, I fell in love, and I buy all the premium rusty lake games without even thinking twice. HOW AMAZING. THIS IS LITERALLY THE BEST GAME EVER!! Absolutely Brilliant. I just couldn't stop playing. Lots of surprises, some a bit shocking but making the game more enjoyable. Cant praise the game enough. crazy game I'm usually reserved when it comes to paying for premium games. When the sale was on I bought them all. I must say that it was worth it. Roots is my favourite among all the premium Rusty lake games. All RL escape games are bizzare, creepy, one of a kind and keeps me in suspense. I look forward to more in the RL series (hopefully free ones). Keep up the good work. So far my favourite in the series, I loved discovering some of the origins of all the madness. Really, this is unlike any other game I've played with a quirkiness that's part of the charm. Brilliant concept as the storyline unfolds with each new family tree branch. I felt a bit like Alice falling down a twisted, warped & bizarre rabbit hole. But the plethora of witty puzzlers & mind benders sucked me in😍 This game is completely INSANE! I loved Roots more than any Rusty Lake game, this has blown me away! amazing game I enjoyed Cube Escape SO MUCH i had to buy this Rusty Lake game! i just finished it and overall it's a great game but i don't very like all the little chapter where some are way too easy. Over all good game This is my favourite Rusty Lake game...and I've played them all! Just finished playing it for the second time! I love how it's all interlinked. I'm eagerly awaiting the new game to be released ...please hurry up and put me out of my misery soon. Had to buy this developer's paid apps as his 6 (7 or 8?) free ones grabbed my interest and wouldn't let go. stayed up til 2am two nights in a row getting thru 3 free ones. I just love it! the whole history is amazing!💗😍 As usual a wonderful game magnificent Definitely the best games I've played by rusty lake. Absolutely loved it! what did I just play...... I always enjoy rusty lake games. But saying that, I wish you offered clues. I don't often get stuck but with these games, it's always that I don't know what to do next. Looking at a walkthrough is frustrating as it just tell me what to do. I want to know what I missed too. Even better would clues! excellent game in an excellent series. I hope they make more soon! Very engaging story with interesting puzzles. Good thinking Game This game belongs to eminent Rusty Lake family, is full of dark humor and has necessary quality. However some riddles are completely out of any logic. Hence giving one point away. Scratches that point and click adventure itch better than just about anything I've played in the last five years. Haven't enjoyed a game like this since Machinarium. Keep making these, please! I'm excited to try Paradise next. This game really does deserve a 5.0 rating. The storytelling is there, graphics, difficulty, atmosphere, a good interface, in short, everything is just right. Literally the first game i have ever bought. its so good!! challenging but kept me interested the whole time. ive played the entire rusty lake series and i need MORE 😍😍 Weird and morbid, but interesting. There were a couple of puzzles I had to look up though because I couldn't get them right. good not able to go further in almost the last chapter. even i get the right answer same as walkthrough.but overally ok , could be more difficult Creepy and difficult, the entire series is intriguing and I love it Very enjoyable game. Well with the price it's admission. I NEVER purchase mobile games, but this one I did after some prodding from a friend. I'm so glad I did. Try it out! game always froze onto a black screen had to switch device on/off to play again when i finally got to the end of this ball aching boring game the baby is just floating goes to tree scene then back to baby so cant actually finish it like the walkthrough waste of money AVOID This installment takes a disappointing turn. i have been a fan of this series for a while and enjoyed the challenges and dark nature of the stories. With Roots, Rusty Lake changes the format. With previous games the developer used one or two rooms with multiple puzzles, Roots has multiple rooms and single puzzles and a linear format. FYI the story has some sexual elements that have not been part of the other games in the series Top class! I'm in Love, guys Im just so amazed that I decided to write one more review and thank the developers. I started playing your cube games a few years ago and I thought they couldn't be better. And now Im so amazed with Rusty Lake Roots, it's perfect and worth all the money I paid. I decided to replay cube games once again and I saw what a biiiig step up you've made. Keep going, your studio and your games are awesome!!! I'm a total nerd for rusty lake! Reasonably challenging - everything can be worked out with logic, observation, or some trial and error. Interesting stories used to shape the game. I've enjoyed all the Rusty Lake games and revisited some a couple of times. I want more!! very good puzzles, played them all Probably my favourite Rusty Lake game loved it. so good the game has a dark appeal to it. I just started playing it and find it interesting. keeps freezing. had to give up on game did all the free ones and bought all the paid ones and well worth it! i absolutly love your games, must have fed the pig man a hundred s**t sandwiches before i figured out what was going on! make more games! will pay! one of the best! good puzzles, dark theme done in a drole way. Absolutely perfect!!! The best games are Rusty Lake games! Sometimes frustrating, but majestic piece of escape room horror. was good getting to know some of the backstory if the lake. the game mechanics did get in the way a few times, not alwats being intuitive on how to use objects. overall awesome and recimmened checking out the rest of the rusty lake and cube escape series. i am hooked! loved the game until the very last puzzle. I LOVE RUSTY Have now completed all the different scenarios. I love how creepy and eery the game is, cant wait for another install! wasn't for me. weird story. cut off a guys nipple?! bloody your wife's nose with a rose?! going to stop there. I decided to try this due to all the rave reviews, but maybe I should done more research. It's a weird narrative, which starts off intriguing but then just goes full blown weird. I only felt compelled to finish it because I was already half way through. The puzzles are ok, some can actually just be brute forced while others require a bit of logic but nothing groundbreaking here... I also came across a couple of bugged box puzzles where the sliding tile texture would disappear. Loved it. Bought it after playing all the free games and it was fantastic. Although there seems to be something wrong with the second last puzzle in 36. The game's okay, but quite dark in spirit. I found a couple of scenes too tricky and obscure, so went to the website for the walkthrough. It didn't work and sent me back every time to the page with many, many adverts. I have sent an email but had no reply so far. Maybe everyone is busy, or tired and emotional from the weekend; but I could do with some assistance. Perhaps there's another app I have to get to play the walkthrough. Any ideas anyone? Nicely made game, although the puzzles are mostly trivial. not for me Nice art, trippy concept. IMPOSSIBLE to solve without Net help sites. -1 star for not always making sense. Sensacional, meus 10 reais bem gastos hehe, recomendo. That was an absolute disappointment.. the story is lame, one room follows the next one but the story doesn't get better. It's as if someone stole the Rusty Lake design and made a cheap copy of the gameplay concept. I'm, in fact, so disappointed, I would claim my money back if I could. I played all the Cube Escape Titels and Rusty Lake Hotel wich were awesome. The best are Harvey's Box, Paradox and Rusty Lake Hotel! If you are noch sure, download these. But this one.. I advise you to skip. I got stuck on the swing. I got everything I need and gave the bear to the kid but that's as far as I can go. it won't let me do anything else. I've looked at walkthroughs to see if I was missing something but I'm not. I've even reset the level, I have no idea what I'm supposed to do. screen goes black and nothing happens. its amazing. stunning. i dont know how to react its so good! all of Rusty Lake games are amazing and worth it. had to cheat tho. 🤣 It is creepy and well designed and every time it gets creepy you wanna play more not less and I hate scary things so this was kinda cool for me and if you want a scary fun game you still wanna play MORE levels not less this is very scary but it's more fun because you asking what would be more crazy scary than that all their games are like that that's why I love them there is a bug in the "well" sequence when frqnk goes up but disappears. ruined the whole game and i got stuck. had to restart from the beginning. real shame because the game is stellar. If you love puzzles and a bazzaar story, this is for you! The last puzzle took me forever to figure out but I enjoy the challenge. :) love the series!! Genius!! This game was insane! Long enough to keep me interested and didn't stry from the story! This was so well written! Kudos to you guys! Excellent! This was my 10th game, as ive purchased/loaded themm all. You can simply go to their website to see what order they go in... Don't be a lazy whiner, just make the effort to search out the order.. Geez. Anyways im off to play the next one! Loved the cube escape series. and hated this one. The mystic atmosphere is gone, the quests are trivial, and why the hell am I killing children here?! fell off my chair... Rusty Lake tops anything I have played from the playstore, I can't say more than that. This game was seriously so good. I loved everything about it and it will forever be my favourite rusty lake game. I've already played it thrice and I still love it. Worth every penny!! Im hooked on Rusty Lake games!! I love games that make you use your head and forces you to look OUTSIDE THE BOX!! I had a blast playing ROOTS! All the Rusty Lake games are fun and challenging. This one is no exception. So addicting! loving the creeps Out of all the rusty lake games, i would say this one is the best and most rich in story and content. The only frustrating piece is the final puzzle which is not logical. My favorite game of the series, together with "Birthday" (a shorter one)! Excellent game, beautiful design, definitely worth buying. A bit creepy but otherwise fantastic game (creepiness isn't bad, just prewarning to others) This game is amazing. Not too long ago I've gotten obsessed with all the games, best investment I've ever made in a game. Make it support 18:9 screen ratio I've played all the Rusty Lake games and they're all phenomenal. This one is no exception. Great graphics, interesting story line and fun mechanics. great game as the rest of them.. i did not understand the last puzzel tho where we have to balance the organs. Creepy, Challenging,One of a kind...Everything I didnt know I needed. This is the 2nd Rusty Lake game Ive experienced because it is very much an experience. Downloaded all the others. I dont want to play anything else. Well done! i love rusty lake! but i am having trouble with the paint scene, the puppet and the saw scene. my tree only takes the color green and then it wont cut to the next scene please fix the bug! i watched the walkthrough and even started the level over, and nothing works with the correct color paint! I have been in love with this game, as well as everything they have created. Each family member becomes so obsessive over themselves, that they decided to make a killing out of it, an unique and elegant soundtrack, pure LSD with a touch of class. :) Good (and creepy) game with lots of challenging puzzles. This is : ATTENTION !: the best game I have ever played on my phone in my life! All Rusty Lake games are so balanced and greatly made, just Bravo! If David Lynch created a computer game it would look a lot like this. This is a fun, surreal and interesting experience. I have been working my way through all of their titles. good was particularly odd. thanks! I remember playing the flash games he made years ago and was so excited to see these on mobile! this particular genre of point and click adventure escape game is my absolute favorite. I am so happy to be able to support this developer with a one time purchase instead of microtransactions in game. beautiful games. excellent puzzles. worth every cent and more, thank you. If Machinarium is 5 stars, I'd rate this one as 3 stars. The guys nailed it with the drawings. They are neat and pleasant. But the game itself has a bland story. Scenes are faintly connected to each other and the puzzles are a tad bit stupid sometimes. Also, lots of sad faces in the drawings,killing a bit the excitement of playing the game. Edit: I reached level 22. I'm really hoping the puzzles get more interesting with more punch. Unfortunately, they are quite dumb with little wow factor. Absolutely amazing game much like all of Rusty Lake's other games. Amazing work! I love the Rusty Lake Saga, and Roots is no exception. Family history is well done and the story fits well with the puzzle aspect of the game. The puzzles can be exceedingly challenging at times, which is lovely. Overall really well done- I loved it and would highly reccomend. Great fun and unusual What an exciting game! I love the way small stories are linked to each other. Just one question: what does the last popup after finishing 33/33 stories mean? It's confusing as I don't know whether I should look at the game or download another Rusty Lake game. Absolutely amazing game. You definitely get more than what you pay for. Very satisfied after completion. Recommending to friends and family. 🌟 My favorite of the series by far! Played all the way to the real end! Finding the elixir at the end was awesome. Really nicely done I love the cube escape series! This is the first purchase I've made for Rusty Lake and it was definitely worth it. I love how mysterious and offsetting the story is. The cube escape series is truly captivating and entertaining. Can't wait to play more! Greatest game I've ever played hands down. I've played all the Rusty Lake and Cube Scape games but one and this is the best one so far Simply amazinggg!!!! Eerie and beautiful experience, but I'd start with the free-to-play ones to better appreciate the context (this works like a prequel I'd say). Longer than usual and nicely fragmented, maybe some chapters are a bit too easy, and no one is so hard as to become frustrating anyway. Great escape room style puzzles. Most obtainable, if you are really stuck there is a walk through. Creepy undertone to the story but I found the game to be very enjoyable. I'll be sad when I finish all of their games. Off to get the next, my... 4th? I love the stories and the puzzles! Nowhere to place a bug report. I like when the steps have a logic to the. The free games are better. Played them all. Easy to play THANKS THAT WAS AN AWESOME GAME, GREAT STORYLINE, GREAT PLOT VERY ENTERTAINING LOVED IT LOVE LOVE LOVE this game!!! It's easily one of my favorites. A bit strange for most people's taste, but the puzzles, story and art style are so intriguing. Please continue making this beautiful series!! Awesome Yet another winner for Rusty Lake! I have played every one of these escape games and they are always addicting. I love the creep factor along with the problem solving! The only thing I can say is a negative is that you cant play them on the computer unless there is something I am not doing right. But regardless these are my favorite games to play. Once I finish one I am always looking for a new one to come out!! Great job! Have always loved these games. Always will. Another excellent entry in this macabre series! Haven't played a puzzle game this fun in a while. Love the eerie atmosphere and twisted story. Yeeeee Brilliant as always. Addicting puzzle game! Would not allow me to finish treasure hunt episode. Can't complete game without this treasure. Awful Fun. Really enjoyed this. I am totally hooked on these games only one more to play Very nice "escape the room" puzzle game, with a sinister, kind of macabre story. Even better, beating the game once will give you access to additional puzzles. Worth your money. Anything by rustylake is absolutely worth your money Just wow! My first game from Rusty Lake and it got me hooked all the way. The story is dark and awesome! Loved it. Best games ever All Rusty Lake games are amazing but this one is my favourite with the creepy horror movie like story twists! I LOVE RUSTY LAKE GAMES Waw. I highly recommend it to anyone Nice puzzles, challenging but not too frustrating! Finally finished every rusty lake game. I have never enjoyed a game quite as much as I did every on of these. The only thing I wish I knew was the order. If I knew in what order to play each game to follow the storyline best, it would have made for a much more immersive experience. It's possible the order does not matter and I'm just making false criticisms but that's just what I was thinking. Can't wait to see a full length feature film in theatres. Make it happen! Love love love this game!! Please keep making more.. I dont think i can live without visiting rusty lake!! Incredibly sad and overwhelming atmosphere. Incredible story, characters and stories. Best cube game ever! I love everything related to Rusty lake and have played almost all of their games. The problem with this though for me was that it didn't feel really like Rusty lake. It was kind of foreign to the series, it felt that way to me. What threw me off most of all though was the various escape "rooms". Yes they were many, but they didn't feel like the rest of the escape series as well. They were too short and easy except from sometimes that I got stuck to some tough spot or one that made me stuck due to bugs or control problems. I expect more from Rusty lake. Keep up the good job guys! When there are genuine puzzles with logical solutions, this game rocks. Too many times, though, there is no rhyme or reason for the solution, so it is disappointingly arbitrary and "unfair." Can't read the developer's mind? Sorry you lose. The escape games i have been playing have beautiful graphics. I was looking for a new one. I saw that all the Rusty Lake games were rated so high. Seeing what the graphics looked like kept me from trying them. Finally i said what the heck and i downloaded Theater. All i can say is WOW! I LOVE Rusty Lake games now! And the graphics, no problem! They quickly grow on you and you realize they fit perfectly with the story line. I am so truly addicted to this series. I even purchased a couple episodes. Ive never done that before. Well worth it! Give Rusty Lake a try! You will understand why they are rated so high! Amazing games from an amazing development team. Definitely worth the money! Rusty Lake is a morbidly gruesome AWESOME GAME! Not for woosies! A long and engrossing story, comes to an end and.. bonus stuff to play! My favorite of the whole series! All of the rusty lake games are amazing, but this could very well be my favorite. Fabulous and unique! I love figuring out the puzzles, very rewarding. This is the best from the Rusty Lake series I've played so far. Nice long gameplay. Walkthroughs are nice when stuck. Rate R as there is gore & things not appropriate for 14 and younger...but really well done. I'm a huge horror fan & the game is eerie, mysterious, challenging, and has an indie feel...not overproduced, but edgy. Another engrossing game from the Rusty Lake team BUT I do take issue with the weighing game at the final scene. Doesn't make any sense. Even when my outcomes matched the walkthrough, the numbers seemed completely arbitrary. Otherwise, all terrific. By far the toughest and probably the longest games by you guys... Loved it... The new slide game mechanism sometimes threw me off... Also it's so hard that I was revisiting the walkthroughs several times(and I sparsely used walkthroughs for cube Escape games)... Also the story got an awesome background with this game... Keep it up guys.. Well worth the purchase... Glad it's my 2nd Google play purchase CLICK THE DOWNLOAD BUTTON NOW. AMAZING Great game Amazing, the Rusty Lake games just keep getting better and the story is creepy and engrossing as ever Cant get past the painting. I watched the walkthrough and I do the exact same thing but nothing happens after I finish the painting :( Excellent game. Very atmospheric. I love these games. In so addicted to this series, please make more!!! This app is so fun! I'm a little stuck right now but eventually I get back to it and figure it out. Love Rusty Lake games! Well it's the best in rusty lake series the story is great and the puzzles are not that hard as well as they aren't easy so it deserves 5 stars Dark af and I loved it. The story unfolds slowly and makes more sense the further you go. Really interesting series of puzzles. Kept me busy for hours Have enjoyed all of the series so far. This one was a lot longer than the rest, well worth the 2.99 investment. The Rusty Lake games are great. I love puzzles and Twin Peaks, so this game is right up my alley. I hope they never stop making them! I love all the Rusty Lake games 💜💜 Rusty Lake never disappoints. Another winner! A lot of short puzzle scenarios perfect for a quick fix My first try at a Rusty Lake game, and I am hooked. I am usually reluctant to pay for games, but this one looked interesting, and did not disappoint. Broad variety of challenges to get through; nicely understated graphics; macabre (but not gratuitous) sensibility; intriguing story. Glad it's a series--I'm off to find the other games now. Wow! Don't ever stop making these! They are awesome even if slightly morbid at times haha. Keep up the great work can't wait for the next one!!!! It keeps freezing up everytime his head turns to the cube at the beginning. I cant get any further. Rustylake games are the best The story is weird with the final puzzle making no sense and resulting in it being unsolvable. New obsession. Ran into a glitch (developer is aware) that broke the game, fortunately they let you replay a level and not have to start from the beginning. The fact that running the walkthrough breaks the game sound, was annoying as hell, luckily it wasn't needed too often. The final puzzle requires a massive leap of convoluted logic compared to everything that had come before, that just about ruined the whole game. Right up to that point this was easily 4 stars. Pros: Story. I really enjoyed the depth of this game compared to the others. The story, told in snapshots of time, developed strong characters and a narrative that I wanted to understand. Similarly to Birthday, the game emotes uneasiness, a feeling of dread and mystery without being obtuse. That is impressive considering that there is little animation or dialogue. By the end, I didn't want to leave these characters and the after game surprise was a perfect gift. Cons:. Gameplay. This is the first game where the developers use the scroll right/left control. I did not have a smooth experience with this method of movement on my mobile device. I had to strain my eyes to view some of the puzzles and there were times that I simply could not see what I needed to see. The puzzles were just as difficult and logical as the other games in the series. I appreciated that most of the multi-step puzzles kept the progress you made as you completed steps outside of the actual puzzle to solve. Overall, an excellent work the price of admission. Amazing game. Just bought all Rusty Lake games as they are superb. The only things I've EVER purchased on the Play Store and definitely worth it. awesome game!!😍 I've had to give 3 stars (even though it's a great game) because I have a massive bug that makes it impossible to finish the game! I've tried restating the level 9 times and still it's stuck on the painting level! Excellent as always So many puzzle make no sense, worst one yet, the pigeon puzzle made me stop and uninstall. I've played all of the rusty lake games. All for free might I add, so when I saw that this was available through purchase only.... you better believe I ponied up and bought the game! All of them too. Absolutely one of my favorites. The BEST 🏆🥇ONE of the series so far! I really enjoy playing this game. It is like playing in one one David Lynch movies. Unique game... as a big fan of rusty lake it was awesome playing this game as it gives depth to many characters from the other rusty lake/cube escape games. I always keep an eye out for new releases. 👏👌🏻 Very unique story.. a little kinky though but very interesting. Brilliant game I bought this game today and there's a glitch in the 'lying game'. I have seen the walkthrough and I'm doing exactly what is in the walkthrough but when I look outside I'm the window nothing happens. And I'm stuck, my game will not move ahead. What do I do??? Amazing!!! Immersive,challenging and just weird enough! Great. Really challenging game. I love it when i need to write things down to try and solve the puzzles. Simply perfect... Continue like this! You are making awesome games!! BRILLIANT ONCE AGAIN! Bizarre and compelling. More episode baby more episodes, I love this game!!! It has good narrating, and a good story behind it, that I, gave it 5 Stars. Worth the money, I say.. I played all the game of RUSTY LAKE, AND I must say,,,,, That Mr Owl is something else💀💀💀 Surreal and fantastic. LOVE all Rusty Lake games. They have amazing eerie tales with great atmosphere and art. Can't describe it. So unique. Hands down, "Rusty Lake: Roots" is the best game in the Rusty Lake series/universe. And that's saying something since every entry is nearly flawless. The story in this one is just superb and the flow of the game is very creative. I highly recommend playing this game. It is well worth the price. Amazing I absolutely love all the Rusty Lake games. They're so unique, spooky and addictive. I hope they make lots more in the future! Amazing game. The riddles and graphics are awesome. Love it Loved it from the beginning This series is what I have been looking for. It has it all: graphics, plot, challenge, drama, scares, etc. Rusty Lake is the only game I am willing to spend money on, and for me that's saying something. I just want more of it! Amazing, clever, fun and a beautiful blend of creepy nostalgia and storytelling that make for an unforgettable adventure. The puzzles are at just the right level of difficulty to challenge you yet not necessarily require hints if you think about them and put forth some mental effort. All around wonderful! Addicted! Fantastic game, third I've played in the series. Really dark and melancholy but fascinating. Easily accessible puzzles, and the story holding it together is great. Really decent length too for a few quid. Loved how it all came together in the end and a few surprises! The last level ....yikes Just when you think they can't get any better...... OMGOODNESS what a trip. This was my favorite one of them all. And I've played them all. Now I can't wait I've pre-ordered "Paradox" coming in September. Woo hoo! These are the best little jewels on the net imho. Thank you so much devs, keep up the fantastic job. Amazing but a little scary Twisted roots! Good game but please fix the control. It can be insensitive at time, where  i need to press a little harder to drag things around. No my phone is not  laggy, other games are fine. Also, please improve the frog and bug hopping  puzzle to be accurate on the position. It cause unnecessary stress because  the puzzle is easy but the position is too open-ended. Epic. Its the best puzzle game ever you could charge me 10 dollars for it and  I'll still buy it Very interesting scenario. The last level was super Weird Totally addictive Amazing. Not too easy not too hard. Great story and easy to use. Hope they  are making more puzzle games like this. It's addictive Always the best! ひとこと。最高でした。 Like all the games of the series, this one won't disappoint you. Perfect! So amazing. Definitely recommend. Strange - yes! Macabre - yes! Weird - yes! And completely bizarre -  definitely yes! All of these words could be used to describe this game.  I've tried to play a Rusty Lake game before and didn't like it at all.  However that was before I decided to embrace this rather unnerving world  and found I actually enjoyed this game. All rusty lake games are SUPERB...... Absolutely amazing. I have played RL games on my laptop before and this is  my first on my mobile. Loved the graphics and all the intricate detail.  It's great you can put it down and pick up whenever you have time to play.  Tried all levels on my own first and used the W/T only when completely  stuck. I think players will find different levels easier or harder  depending on which way your brain works but you won't be disappointed.  Thanks RL for a great game Great game worth the price Really enjoyed it. Sometimes puzzle would not solve even though got it  right, so thought theory was wrong, but then it did solve next time. almost  like the order was important. Worth finding gold medallions at the end for  Elixar bonus level. Use YouTube if you can't figure out exact medallion  places. This game is a lot more detailed and complex than rusty lake Free  games, so worth the cost. My favorite game ever! Difficult without making me want to slam my head on  a table. Best escape-type game I've played. Imho, best one in the series. GG Wow. Just wow I love your games! I absolutely love all of your games. They practically all tie into one  universe of compelling and captivating stories, it's easy to use, honestly  in my opinion any one who plays the games are extremely sad that the game  has ended. Personally Iv replayed the games so many times but they never  cease to dissapoint. It's a good thing to spend your money on, likeable  characters, that cool eerie feeling when you hear the music, mysterious,and  weird.Overall best game Iv ever played! 5 stars good job! But please do  make another game Iv played all of them at least 30 times! Either way  fantastic game keep up the good work! Can i reinstall after i uninstall the game for free? I paid once already. I paid 3 bucks for this game. I'm sort of dissapointed. I've paid around  the same thing and received satisfying game play. Way too simple for my  liking. So much fun, I dont even know where to start. Creepy and engaging. Good  intro to the Rusty Lake universe. I am obsessed with these games! **Edit: all progress gone. Just played this yesterday. Hella pissed** Some  of the puzzle have literally no clues. The only way to finish them is to  look them up. How TF am I supposed to do this game when there's nothing  telling me how to do puzzles? Amazing game! It had me hooked by its compelling story the entire time.  Also, the puzzles are really creative If Rene Magritte, Dali and David Lynch had combined to create a game then I  guess this is what it would look like... Great game!! Thankful for some walk throughs lol but awesome game This is my personal favourite of the excellent Rusty Lake series. Lots of  different puzzles. It deepens the overall mythology, without spelling  things out. After playing this it made me want to go back to the other  games to start to piece things together. The story of this twisted family  tree is very disturbing. Well worth the price. But check out the smaller  free games before plunging in to this one It is wonderful game. Wonderful story. Enjoyed playing this, just wish it was longer, a bit too easy though. Very worthy game experience. This ain't no Broken Sword. I only play this if I'm exceptionally bored. No  rhyme intended. Creepy story, I Love it. Played almost all of rustylake games; Roots, The mill, 23, the  theatre,Harvey's box, Arles, Paradise etc. Rustylake are one of the best  who make tap and find, escape room games that i have played. The suspense,  the character design, The story.. i seriously recommend it to anyone whose  looking for a fun, entertaining game to play. And i'm looking forward to  playing what you guys make next!! Dark storyline, challenging puzzles, weird but fun Awesome Rusty Lake game, as always. It has so many parts! Where it lacks complexity in the puzzles, it scores  in having an intriguing story. It took me 3 nights to slowly finish it, so  I feel it's worth the price. I'll definately play it again just to go  through the weird storyline. Its A Very good game, Good story (though i have not completed the game),  very good atmosphere, and its unique. MY FAVOURITE GAME IN THE SERIES! well worth the price, lengthy gameplay,  beautiful graphics, dark storyline just A++!! Highly recommended, PLEASE  MAKE MORE, I'M ADDICTED! Everything I've ever wanted in an escape game! I recommend you download ALL  the Cube Escapes from Rusty Lake I've played all of these games twice over, they are so amazing. Such a  unique and gripping story. Roots is my favourite, with many different  chapter that'll have you captivated for ages. Can't wait for the next one! I need more! Honestly one of the only games I've paid for. Ive played every rusty lake  game! I want more!!!!!!! I love it!! Challenging puzzles and great theme! I can't wait to see how  the Rusty Lake story unfolds further. Very nice 👍 Woulda been 5 stars but 🤐lol One of the best games I love to play over and over!! Definitely worth the  money!! The whole series of Rusty Lake is unbelievably amazing!! I liked it a lot! Not so complicated, but very challenging and creative! interesting and spooky in a way Get it. Just do it. I love this game grafics are amazing it does give u that promising eire  vibe and controlled very well overall proformance is one of the BEST games  ive ever played highly recommended Yet another wonderfully twisted and fascinating game, and so much if it!  Great puzzles, great gameplay, great graphics and tremendous value for  money! Good game Very Macabre, has a hint of Edgar Allen Poe along with what would seem a  twisted version of Agatha Christy sort of detective work. I LOVE IT! I am  officially Addicted to the Rusty Lake Series. Well Done Guy's, Well Done. This is a fantastic game. The puzzles make you think but are usually  solveable without using a walkthrough. I'd highly recommend it and any of  the Rusty Lake or Cube games. The lore from all previous games presents itself in a masterfully put  together story which takes you through decades of twisted plots and  sorrows. Despite not being mandatory, all of the previous Cube Escape  stories (and Hotel) are highly recommended if you want to experience all  the "woah" moments Roots has to offer. It is perhaps one of the best  asynchronous stories I've had the pleasure to discover. Loved it, played twice already. Played "The cubes" games multiple times,  love those stories. This game is totally worth it. Found you guys 2 years  ago and I still love your work, recommended it many times to many friends  and they loved your games too... Continue with your GREAT work. This game is absolutely amazing! Absolutely love this game, long play time and challenging. I especially like finding all the combinations at the end when you get to making the elixir. I was able to come up with 36 combinations so far, there maybe more. Thanks to all at Rusty Lake! This was a huge disappointment. I think the editor needs to rethink his favorites. I don't like this game. Why does it have such a high rating? It is just awful. And to think I paid for it! Horrible I thought that this being a paid version that it would be better than the free versions but it wasn't.  Lacking depth.    It was like looking at a canvas rather than exploring different rooms.   Overall, I was left feeling disappointed. Loved it. There were some good puzzles, the story was a little hard to piece together but definitely held interest. Only complaint is with the last bonus level, I filled the shelves with all the different combinations and had to look at the walkthrough to realize I only needed three of the things I'd made. Pointlessly obscure/complex. Perfect! Twisted & creepy with a darkly intriguing storyline. Uniquely thoughtful gameplay and a beautifully ugly artist style that is not for the squeamish. To make a long review short.....it's awesome. This was my first Rusty lake game, and I realised it's not for a one off play. You need to invest some time to the series, otherwise the game seems to be going nowhere, with awkward things happening! While 'The Room' etc focus more on the puzzle solving (which I like) this game has puzzles as a means to push the story, so you need the walkthroughs even though the puzzles are relatively easy. I never bother leaving reviews but I felt compelled to do so with this game! I'm so bored of all the usual trash on the play store - this game blew my mind!!! My favorite Rusty Lake game so far! I admit i had to use the walkthroughs a few times but that's my impatience. And i enjoy the fact that there's always more to do at the end. Another awesome job! I love the Rusty Lake series. This one had some fantastic, fresh puzzles as well as some old favourites. My only complaint is that some of the content was a bit dark for me (not into oujda boards etc). Story is still completely baffling, but the puzzles more than make up for it! I like to think of myself as a point-and-click connoisseur, and this is by far my favorite! TV Series please???!! Lol. Roots is my favorite game in this series! It's so fun, and the puzzles are challenging, but not too difficult to complete. One of the weirdest things I've ever played, and I loved every minute of it! It's completely amazing, for the first time to now that I play for hundred time Sucked. This was a lot of fun. I had to use the walk throughs for hints sometimes but it wasn't overly hard. these are boring, thin, watered down imitations of old flash point n click games Im loving this game so far. Atmosphere and the feel is very strong. I guess cus its very original. There is no other game ive played that is like this. There's a sense of strange mystery going on that you cant put your finger on. It intrigues me. I can't imagine most kids liking this game and understanding it. I could be wrong. But seems very adult oriented. I like that. I also like the fact that the devs have had... And still have a vision.. I see a potentially huge future for this project. Kudos. :) The story is way better than hotel. But the control can be a little clumsy sometime Masterpiece Brilliant game This deranged game is hard to strop playing. I hated that I had to use the walkthrough, but one of the last puzzles didn't make sense even after I looked at the walkthrough. Stylish and subtly creepy. Brilliant gaming experience and amazingly well-done details, looking forward to the third release of the Rusty Lake series. Amazing game play and story!!! Worth the money, epically for the amount of gameplay. A very novel game. Thanks for making such a great game though I kinda wish for each chapter to have longer puzzle solving and more complicated like RL hotel. One of the most bizarre games I have ever played in my entire life.  Also one of the most brilliant.  I will definitely be checking out their other selections. Simply amazing. Awesome game Seriously the most amazing game I have ever played. Well done! A fantastic entry in a fantastic series. Should absolutely be considered a shining example of mobile gaming done completely right Loved it. Super fun game with a challenge, I recommend it! Challenging charming and more entertaining than a 2.99 movie rental. Best game I've EVER played! It's challenging af but it's addicting.  We dont even deserve Rusty Lake Games 😭 I don't know of any mobile games I would consider a masterpiece but this game is exactly that. It tells an amazingly original story through intuitive puzzles that span generations of one family. The imagery is sometimes macabre but in a very artfully tasteful way. Amazing. Worth every cent. The graphics, gameplay, and macabre storyline won me over immediately. Will definitely be purchasing the other apps in the Rusty Lake universe! Amazing! The story is interesting, it's macabre and eerie, I was feeling tense as I was playing and could not put it down. I always love the games from rusty lake. (Would also like to point out that there was a lot of content in this game that kept my busy for ages which was a major plus!) Hey Rusty Lake, there seems to be a glitch on 'The Search' episode. After I opened the window, there should be a parrot. But it's not there and now I dont know how I could deliver the letter. Pls help me. Thanks Very good, although a few of the puzzles near the end were not clear once I learned the solution from a walkthrough guide. Lots of variety and depth however.   Some very dark moments too, not one for younger audiences Big fan of the Rusty Lake series. Bizzare, dark, amusing and incredibly fun. I love all the things in this game, i already play the whole cube escape game but this, and i really love it, i can't stop playing this game, i give you an absolute 5 stars, keep making a great game Rusty Lake. Good job One of the best Rusty Lake games! So worth the price! Absolute genius add-on to the Rusty Lake series. Highly recommended! Excellent game very dark but thoroughly enjoyable. I've played almost every game in this series, and this was by far my favorite. I really love the storyline, the macabre sense of humor, and the dark minimalist athestic. The puzzles are just right - not too easy, not too hard. I've been recommending this series to everyone I know. A very, very awesome game. It's very challenging and eerily entertaining. Totally worth the 3 bucks. To the game creators "You guys TOTALLY ROCK!" I will always remember that very special day I fell in love with Rusty Lake games!! Lol Love, love, loved it!! I view this as the second in the series after Hotel. I LOVE this second installment of quirky morbid adventure puzzle sleuthing fun times from Rusty Lake. The gameplay was longer with this one, the storyline was very meaty. I don't want to throw out spoilers, so I just recommend that you download EVERYTHING created by Rusty Lake, anything they touch is gold. You will not be disappointed. There is no way that anyone would not be highly satisfied with the whole experience. I'm just glad that I downloaded one of the cube escapes by chance in google play cause now Rusty Lake is my all time favourite game! Thanks for this amazing series, for all the effort you put in the story, the music, the graphics...(I can go on for a day). And especially The Roots; the story here is more than satisfying, it told me everything I wanted to know and at the end left me wondering about all it's connections to the other games. Plus that little bonus level at the end just when I thought I was done with the game...almost made me cry :) Masterpiece my ass. Go play Chzo Mythos series if you want to know what a point and click masterpiece is. This is above par at best. There's not even a decent plot twist near the end or a remotely entertaining storyline for why they're undertaking the sacrifice. Christ what a waste of three bucks. The only bad thing is tha5 I'm done with game. Need more. Brilliant games. Awesome. Now I have to play all your games! The story was amusing and it is connected very nicely. It ended quite fast though, maybe I played too musch but anyway you should totally buy this one. Aesthetically beautiful and macabre point and click game with somewhat lackluster puzzles.  Good: Excellent and creepy story, atmosphere and world that I'd love to explore more in further bigger Rusty Lake games like this.   Bad: Puzzles are certainly the weakest point, being largely far too simple aside from a few which are difficult to the point of being completely un-telegraphed and unfair. Very few I felt hit the mark in terms of challenge unfortunately.  Ultimately though the weak puzzles don't detract enough from the positives of these games, therefore it's still definitely a game I'd recommend. Even better than the last one imo. I loved unfolding the story of this family. Being able to reset the level was really nice. Graphics are amazing as always, puzzles are challenging but neither too easy nor too hard.  Thank you ! Very challenging puzzles that I few times had to do a walkthrough just because I wanted to finish it. Overall is jut interesting and creepy going tp start doing the rest of series. darkly bizarre, yet engaging and challenging! this was the final rusty lake cube escape I tried, and it was the most complete and satisfying. odd, but captivating and ingenious. I've played 11 total versions (i think that's all there is available) and have enjoyed every one. looking forward to their next work Too creepy and gross for me. Great value Great game which get us to know a bit more of this amazing universe. Love it Interesting, not always easy game with creepy story line. Best puzzle game I've ever played. crashes on start-up on my Acer R11 Chromebook This game grows on you over time as you explore the history of this family over several generations. Unique, entertaining, often emotional. Once again we return to this surreal and creepy world and once again the journey is glorious. The writing and creativity are weird and thoughtful and the puzzles are fun and varied. Even though Roots is the most expensive Rusty Lake game to date (at a mere $2.99), it's well worth the cost. I had felt that Rusty Lake Hotel hadn't been worth the cost since it was short, but this game is longer and probably my favorite in terms of story, puzzles, and weird factor! This game was a great week long play! Definitely worth the price of the full version. So fun. Wish there were more Good story, awful controls and game design. You spend half the time figuring out the mechanics for most puzzles, even if it is apparently obvious what the solution is Ótimo, porém não aparecem as letras no tabuleiro na fase do xadrez. Assim não tenho como continuar o jogo :( Best escape game out there.  You can actually figure out how to play and walk through videos are actually helpful.  Beautiful artwork and even though it's creepy, I like these Cube games the best. Simplistic little point & click game with not so difficult puzzles. Nice premise but get pretty boring. Twisted and disturbing plot and themes. This goes beyond acceptable. Best escape game I've played. Stretches your brain. The game is really atmospheric and it involves you to beat it as quick as possible Addictive game i didn't get the discount. instead paying IDR. 16.000 like it was written, i pay IDR. 43.000 Such a good atmosphere and a great length. I'm very picky about point and click games, because the stories tend to be nonexistent or just bad. Or the mechanics are bad. Or the puzzles are needlessly difficult. None of this is the case for this game, it's just great. I was excited to finish but reluctant to have it end. Wow.. quite challenging and creepily fascinating a la Edward Gorey. Highly recommend. Awsome. I am a Huge Fan of  Rusty Lake games.Having played all parts this is the first game that I purchased on Playstore since I used android.and no doubt this "Roots" game was seriously awesome and thrilling.Need more Games like this...pls Loved it I wish I could play this game a million times! If you like challenging puzzles and creepy then you'll love this!! Literally had to force myself to stop and eat because I didn't want to put it down! Outstanding!  One of the best puzzle games, or game period, that I've ever played. Intriguing, engaging, and creepy,. The game grips you tight...it's that good! Amazing game. Not too hard, not too easy. Graphics and story is great! Absolutely loves it. The first game that I bought because of sale. Very good storyline and game mechanics. I can't stress enough how great these games are. Interesting and strange. Some puzzles are easy, some difficult. I'm really impressed with everything they've come out with. Just buy it you won't regret Horrible game! Below average graphics and gameplay is for utter morons! I've seen much much better free games. How did this game get so many downloads? Do yourself a favor and DON'T purchase this childish game. Good Make me amazed like usual.. &gt;&lt; Rusty Lake is very very clever to wrap a mystery into this awesome game Everything that Rusty Lake puts out is 100% amazing. It really draws you in to this creepy, unsettling world that you never really want to escape. The story line is so intriguing, visuals are wonderful, and smooth gameplay. I honestly think this is the best game that they have put out. Great job Rusty Lake. I'm eagerly waiting for the next game to come out. Love just everything about this game. Absolutely riveting, like every other rusty lake game I've played. Beautiful, macabre and clever. I'm happy to pay for this level of creativity and thought! I don't buy many games because my budget doesn't allow but the pricing on this game is more than fair for the journey you get to go on. I hope they keep putting out games of this caliber because I will keep playing them, ! Got it because it was on sale for a $1 and because of the high reviews.  Played through a third of it and didn't quite see what's so spectacular about it. Just a generic click/explore/puzzle game with a bit of a morbid vibe.   The great thing about it is that the game doesn't need you to blindly touch all over the screen just to make sure you didn't miss some small item. All items you need is easily seen and you just need to put all the pieces together to solve the puzzle.  Given the many similar free games out there, I don't think this is worth the full price. If I had to do it again, I'd probably pass on this game even for a $1. superb Loved it Great game once again! I enjoy the story telling in this one. The graphics, music, and overall  creativity are top notch! Not to mention the macbre undertones. Amazing game and story, backed by some incredible developers! Keep up the work guys! Amazing!!!!!! Well worth paying for. One of the best Android games I've played. GREATEST GAME EVER Love this series. Looking forward to the paradise😭😭😭 Have loved playing them all.....please bring more!!!! After the disappointing RLHotel paid app, I was hesitant to buy this one. However I was surprised and happy at how good it was. The storyline is twisted like the free ones, but it had a few surprises. Gameplay was alot longer than the free ones, and gets pretty enjoyable once you get passed the first three or four warm up stages. If you paid for Hotel and was dissatisfied with it, give this one a chance. It fixes the complaints of Hotel (length, story, generic). Long story short this game is amazing Epic escape room adventure. Really makes you think outside the box!! What I really love from cube escapes are: 1. Nice graphic 2. Dark stories!  3. Nice puzzles  Basically I have done all the cube series including rusty lake hotel and roots LOL,  waiting for more!!  Yay!  Thank youuu &lt;3 Best game ever Content was gross and disturbing, uninstalled part way through. If all the cube games are like that, no thanks. Really weird in an intriguing kind of way. It's best to not know too much going into it. This game is the absolute best. I initially downloaded one of the free cube escape apps from Rusty lake. Then another, and another, and another. Until finally I just downloaded everything they had, including roots and hotel. They are both worth the small purchase fee, as they consist of numerous stories within one another. I love the challenges and the creepy ambiance. This is truly a fantastic game. Pure genius!!! I love all the rusty lake adventures!!!! I only wish they were longer so I could play even more!!!!! This was my first Rusty Lake game and it was amazing! I had to use the walkthroughs multiple times because some clues I didn't understand... But it's a fun game with a very interesting story. Addition: I have played all of the Rusty Lake games in chronological order of story events and if you liked this one, you MUST play the rest. The story has a great progression and each game functions in a similar way. One of the best puzzle games I've found on Android. Puzzles can feel haphazard and random--lots of tapping about, but the story is pretty messed up in a fascinating way. Almost feels like an east of Eden sort of story with multigenerations in a family and some messed up people in them. Artwork is unique. Not the most beautiful but clean and shows what needs to be shown. There isn't a lot of music. But the post Victorian horror is still well conveyed. This is a story worth playing. It is so captivating that I would recommend to keep your charger near by. Bit dissapointed. Controls got me stuck twice. But, overall good degree of challenge and progression. Wish the story was more developed. Characters come and go so quickly, and they aged (changed appearance). I had a hard time keeping track. Story is too short. But, what's there is interesting and unique. Brilliant! Love this game! Ive been devouring the rusty lake series for a while now all i can say is, wow. As for the games the developers make you pay for, they're hella worth it. It's a tiny price you pay for a massive amount of awesome these guys bring you. Great A+ and the puzzles kick in the ball but after 8 hours i start to like it, I like dark souls and both punch me in the balls but both gave me painkiller afterwords so I say this is great and I'm high from the painkillers . I love this game, it's so good & the $4 is so worth it. I have been playing the series since the first one and I'll continue to support :) Excellent Big fan of point and click! And thrusty lake with its twisted story gives me the chill yet awesome! Overall a great adventure game! Great game. Keep me up all night The best puzzle games I have ever played. Just the right level of difficulty, not easy, not impossible. Fantastic mechanics and an awesome story that is suspenseful and engrossing, but is just out of reach to keep you guessing. It would be impossible to over sell these games. Just get them all and enjoy. Amazing! Great point and click style adventure game. Not really scary, but some moments on the morbid/creepy side. Some of the puzzles weren't intuitive or had weird controls, but I only had to use a guide for a couple puzzles. Would love achievements via Google play games, would really increase the replay value of the game Fantastic! I simply love these games. I look forward to more from this dev. My type of game. With graphics and interesting plot I'm not a big fun of mobile phone's game but I have to admit that this game is absolutely great! Nice controls, simple and effective graphic and more then everything a very nice story! The riddles are very well balanced too. Congratulations! Really a great game!   Just one question, is there a way to load saved games from another device? I installed it on my tablet too but it starts from the very beginning. Aw man I can't tell you how much I enjoy these creepy little puzzles and the amazing storyline. It reminds me of the "Saw" movie series but on my phone 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 This is my favourite Rusty Lake game, and in my opinion the best so far! The puzzles, the stories and the characters are amazing; and all set in a creepily dark mood that keeps you hooked. Roots and Hotel are the only games I've never regretted spending a few dollars for. Please keep making more! I cannot install this app after paying for it. Great, almost definitely strange storyline. Looking forward to the next installment Now i remember why i stopped paying for this series.  Arbitrarily crooked. Best phone game that exists What a magical adventure game, loved it! I love them all and I just get addicted I read enthusiastic editor's reviews from Google and I purchased it. Completely disappointed, starting from a glitch in the very first screen that prevented me from opening the suitcase. Then I did a reset, tried to open it before filling the bucket and it worked. But apart from that, the game is cheap in graphics and mechanics. Who is performing the actions? The main character? He does not move. So, who am I in the story? I solved the first riddles and they seem to me ridiculous, just put there randomly. And too easy. Guys, come on... Ever played the old LucasArts adventure games? I bet you did. So... Hope they hurry and make another Beautiful as all the others, waiting for the next :) I really like the story and all puzzles. I bought this and RL hotel also to support you guys and bring more great apps and perhaps more cube escape! Thank u for the special price this week :) Loved it so much I then binged all of their other games.  Can't wait for the next one! Wow, that totally worth every penny. Amazing. I love all your short ones but this one just have such an amazing plot. I'm looking forward more rusty lake game. I finished all you guys have 😊 I enjoyed the game, but compared to the other rusty lake and cube escape games I just don't think it was as good. I didn't find the puzzles as challenging, there was one that I ended up checking the walk-through on and it seems to be one that a few people didn't understand. I feel like its lost part of something that was so great about the rusty lake games. Honestly, after waiting so long and paying what I did, I'm a bit disappointed. However it's worth paying the developers for this just because of all the other great games they gave for free. I would start with this game and work through the rest, they are great. Definitely worth the money! Great game!! Fantastic game well worth the money. Creepy as hell. Now I'm going to try and find more of the same. Excellent game, really enjoyable The best game in it's kind I've played This was an absolutely amazing, brilliant, beautiful, intriguing, addicting game. I've never found such fascination with a story like this one. I'll admit; I did have to use the walkthrough almost everytime during the end of the game... But! Its simply amazing. You fall in love with the characters even though their lives are rather dreary. Please make more!!!!!$2 was so worth it. Just creepy enough to peek your curiosity and challenges your thinking 😱 Love this. Just amazing Ultimate point and click puzzle game in the series.  If you have played the free chapters and enjoyed them, you should purchase this game. Roots elevates the series to a new level.  Awesome game. So weird and fun! Love it. Love it. Amazingly! Extraordinarily! Breathtakingly!  The History of Rusty Lake is being created on before my eyes! I do recommend to play this surrealistic pazzle game. I love you guys. That's the best game series I've played ever. Love these games!!  When will you be making a new one?? Ive finished them all Walkthrough a lot but worth the cost...was fun but monotonous...uninstall. Elegant, challenging, and surprisingly morbid. I could hardly stop playing till I finished. Loved it! Rusty lake makes the best point and click games out there! Challenging puzzles make you think and the storyline is a bonus mistery. :) If you liked the free Rusty Lake games, then this one is definitely worth the money. :) And after you solve all the 33 levels there is a bonus, and the last part of the bonus is probably my favourite puzzle in the whole series. :D The developers have a great sense of humour. ;) Brilliant series. Absolutely love it! Please make more apps guys 💜 I've gone through all of them Another great game from Rusty Lake. Puzzles can be challenging, but not too difficult, especially if you have played other games from this developer. Bring on the next one please. Best game of the series.  But the ending was a bit odd and not very informative about what really happened IMO. Great game! Love the series, always keeping an eye out for the next one. Graphics get better and better as well as the story line. Love love love! This game was SO creepy and clever and I had a great time playing it! Can't wait till they come out with more! The best game among the Rusty Lake series. Indeed, this game tells the roots of the family and William's rebirth. It visually narrates the story successfully through the scene without requiring the player to read. Just amazing and the story line was just fantastic. A bit disappointing. I played all the free ones first and then this and hotel. Although I found hotel better than this they both fell short of most of the free ones. They are nowhere near as edgy or as captivating as the free ones.   Glad I played the free ones first because if I had played this first I would probably have given them a miss. I really did not want it to end. Brilliant graphics and creatively written. I've played all, please make more 🤓 Love this game! The images might be a little bit creepy but the imagination is great! &lt;3 Me encantaría!!!!😍😍😍 Mostly good, one level has very broken controls on my phone (Nexus 5X) but if you tap exactly as in the walkthrough video and don't try anything yourself, it will work. It's amazing I really enjoy it, Very challenging but very good game Rusty Lakes makes the best escape games I have ever played and this is the best so far. These games are  creepy, the humor is witty, and the story line progresses throughout all the games and really draws you in. The mini-games within the game progress in difficulty. Even if a level is a total stumper to you there is alway a certain logic to the solution. Once you play through this series,  you too will start thinking in "Cube Escape's" quirky logic, which absolutely I love! The graphics are simple but extremely creative. They begin to lend a sense of familiarity to each scene without being repetitive, while also allowing the developers to focus on game play and advancement of the story line. I can't recommend this series enough. I would also like to add, to their credit, that they never ask for ANY permissions on your device and there are no in app purchases. If you are looking for something creative and challenging, Rusty Lakes has raised the bar for the escape game genera to a whole "nutha" level!!! Engaging and well worth the money. Happy to pay for games this great Absolutely brilliant,  it's a lot different than all the other puzzle games I have played. Well worth the money. Rusty Lake is the best game series ever! ♡ Hands down The best escape game out there! I couldn't put my phone down. I've played all your games and you guys never let me down. Thank you for this beautiful game. Minor glitches with using a phone controll.. other then that. Im inlive with the games. The storyline being more  and more cimplexed and the whole world of rusty lake us just gloomy and awsommmme Wonderful. I loved it, as well as Hotel and all the Cube Escape games. Awesome puzzle game with a storyline that draws you in. Loved it ♡♡ Anymore new games coming up? I've basically completed em all! Creepy good fun, not too challenging although you might get stuck here and there. Built in walkthrough helps for that. Top quality game. Boring, could have been better  Not as good as The Room1/2/3. Overrated game. I absolutely LOVE Rusty Lake. I have been playing them online for a long time now and am always looking forward to the next chapter. The graphics are beautiful and the puzzles are challenging but not impossible. I am hooked for life. I have not been able to find many games that are it's equal. Puzzles were challenging but intuitive. Definitely a dark game. Fantastic game. Loved the story as well! Well done! One of the best games of its type. Thank you! It's an amazing game. 10/10 the best The game is just amazing. I am loving all the Rusty Lake games. I love that they reference each other. The stories, music and graphics are creepy and fun. I love this series 😀😀😀😀 Awesome, morbid, and wacky game I've bought everything in this storyline.. all I have to say is... Give.. us... More... And I don't care if it's another story.. keep the elements the same, and me AND my friends will probably keep buying. This is absolutely the best game I have ever played from play store. Please keep them coming .. genius Love all the Rusty Lake games. Just the right amount of analytical thinking required to match my interest level.  Zero complaints.  Keep up the awesome  work. Brilliant, surreal, dark and compelling. I hope they make more! I love the world/story they've created. Superb. One of the best puzzle games out there. You should play the previous games to get a sense of the universe of Rusty Lake and it's enigmatic history. Most of the puzzles in this game were too simple and I prefer other games in the series. I liked how the scenes in the game had continuity. Like nothing else, a work of art I cried a little because it was rly pretty not gonna lie.  I love this game so much ok the idea is so cool and the art style is amazing Really love these Rusty Lake games! I found this paid version a bit more manageable than the free ones (though they're all excellent). The individual levels were shorter and the puzzles were more clear, so it was easier to jump back into the game. Can't wait for more! Needed to be harder, levels too short Wonderfull!!! I've played cube escape and I loved it! Then I bought this game, and it's amazing, the story is really mysterious, what makes this game so awesome! Anyone who wanted a longer Cube game story should purchase this now! The story in the game is dark, odd but very intriguing. The puzzles are challenging and kinda unique. Anything that moves when you interact with it has a purpose. So don't go crazy about being stuck. Continue making games like this! I'm excites for your next release! I love all the rusty lake games! So addictive. Im almost done roots. More please! 😍😁 One of the best in the series, and one of the fullest, both in terms of story and gameplay. I wish Rusty Lake made a new game every week. Twisted, clever, bizarre, funny, addictive, challenging, unique, and a hundred more compliments I can fire off. Just a great company making amazing games. Delightful game! Couldn't put it down. Can't wait for more! I love this game it's creepy, weird, and fun at the same time Best game on mobile ! Loved everything about it!  Illustrations are great.  Theme is interesting and consistent with other Cube Escape games.  Story was fun to follow.  Would purchase again. One of the best games in play store. This game is so unique! Very leisurely game, yet adventurous and eerie all at the same time.  Creepy rooms and figuring out the right pieces of the puzzle.  I like this game because it's not just a 'tap & find the object' game.  You actually have to think and ponder about the story line. I would only say, towards the end it does get complicated.  The walkthrough was very helpful and easy to find instead of having to search it up on the internet. Great graphics, awesome intriguing game. Eerie, creepy, quiji boars, terror. Love it all. Would probably change it to mature though, that's my only compliant :) great game, guys. Artistic and beautiful. Dumb. The other games were hard. This holds your hand the whole time. And im pretty sure it's evil. Lol playing the other games they've made, i was hoping for more to the story with the same challenge. 😍😍😍😍 Love the game but had a glitch during Albert's Summer 1909 The Brood section. I've tried reseting the level multiple times and even looked at the walk through and followed it to the T. I'm basically done with the game except for his section because of that glitch. I've already emailed someone about it and heard nothing back...kinda feel cheated but the rest of the game is great. I love it,  it makes u think. Amazing game worth the price Looking forward to new Rusty Lake puzzles :) Awesome Such an awesome game. I absolutely love the story and how consistent it is, and all the weirdness and the thrill. I can't wait to see the next game. I have been playing since the first day you came out on Kongregate and I love the series. This was mind blowing and I wish it was longer. I've played all the rusty lake games and I love every single one of them. This one is one of my favorites of theirs Great game, very fun and spooky to play Another great game in the Rusty Lake series. I like how big this one is and how whenever you think you are done, you're not. A little less challenging than some if the other titles in the series, the puzzles are just hard enough to make the game interesting. The only two times I needed help were on the last level of the main game and the very last bonus level. Looking forward to revisiting Rusty Lake again in the future. An incredibly sick game and I 100% love it. You can finish it quickly with all the walkthrough available or you can solve all the puzzles yourself and will be more rewarding. So play it slow, look around and you'll get it. Oh.. the last elixir puzzle got me stuck like forever.. good luck with that .. Liked but not loved it. I expected it to be more difficult than free ones. And it is not. Otherwise is as brilliant as the rest of rusty lake games I've played a lot of the series before and I also have to admit that this is the weakest of them all. The puzzles are way too easy and it feels like you are just going through the motions. Shame. I'd certainly recommend this as the first for people to try as it is a nice light introduction to the series, but really not very challenging at all. Brilliant, mysterious and addictive! Rusty Lake is by far the best game series I've ever played and I constantly crave more of it. I hope you produce more games in the near future. Amazing stuff. Very addictive game! Just wished it was a bit longer. Thanks devs! Great story line, challenging puzzles, great graphics. Rusty Lake is wonderful, entertaining, the puzzles are challenging, the graphics are amazing, the story is creepy and multi-layered and enticing, the music adds to the mood and isn't distracting; I honestly don't have any criticism. It's addictive and relaxing to play. Amazing game. I totally adore this game Thank you so much 💚 Brilliant little game, priced fairly. Definitely the best of the Rusty Lake series to date. Perfect. Absolutely excellent!! I originally gave this mind blowing game 4 stars because it had stopped working a few times. I was playing and it said " Rusty Lake Roots has failed, not responding." Or something to that effect. I also thought it was glitching during the last dance, until I later discovered I was too stupid to realize I had missed something and it was not the game. This game stays with you, I am currently playing tormentum and still obsessing about Roots!!!!!!!😍🐦🐚🌷🐝🍼🐞🌂🎃🌊☠🕃🕇♜♞🕄⚷⚶⚵♃ I am so immensely impressed with this game, played it for a full day, non stop, until I got all the puzzles. I have not been so invested in a mobile game in so long and I wish it wasn't over!! Totally worth the price. Amazing game. Stegno pentari Masterpiece. A delightfully twisted puzzle game with a deep story. I don't really want to spoil much about this one. If you enjoy puzzles, hidden object games, and appreciate off beat stories, get it! I love rusty lake games The gameplay is excellent Wonderful, most times. Shocking cruel sometimes too. Please make more!! I think you guys really made an awesome gore point and click gamr. Can't wait for it to continue Excellent game, very dark but keeps your brain going and great story line! All about this game is very (like5*) good - graphics, screenplay, difficulties levels etc. Love all the games by Rusty Lakes. Roots was honestly too simple of a game play, but i still enjoyed the graphics and storyline. Another crazy quest from Rusty Lake. This time it is endless. Outstanding game - love the whole series and I can't wait for more. The puzzles sometimes get a little repetitive but the story makes up for it and every now and then there are some really creative problems to solve. Great game. Played it twice, because I got a new phone and found the emblem/elixer section well worth every penny, especially with all the free games they give us. Just perfect! The story, the gameplay, the graphics, the length, ... everything in this game is perfect I love this game! It was so much fun and it was challenging. I hope there's more to come This game is so great and appeals to lovers of creepy click through story puzzle games Played through all of the Rusty Lake games and enjoy the creepy, random story elements (not sure why catching the fish makes me laugh). Eagerly awaiting new games. Amazing game. Definitely worth paying for. The whole series is really wacky and different and has kept me sane through an awful week of toothache and insomnia. Thank you. Please release more. Loved it LOVE ITTT U need to buy this game because not only it offers you a generous amount of episodes, and the storyline is quite thrilling and fun! Great for boredom These violent delights have violent ends I love the series, but for this one specifically, there is a bug with saving. Last level I've already completed is shown as incomplete each time I reenter the game. Please fix :/ Great story, same old bizarre elements, long-playing and most interesting. Loved it! Can't wait for more to come. Simply amazing like everything these guys make! Just is perfect These games have just the right amount of difficulty without interfering with the entertainment factor Amazing. Just. Yes. This game really brings back all the old school adventure vibe. Adventure games these days lack the creativity and whackiness that Rusty Lake brings back.   At times frustrating, but it pushes you to really think about the puzzle in different ways, then rewarding when you solve it. Started off easy but both the puzzles and story get a lot more complex and dark as it goes on. Love how each storyline beaches out but intertwined.  Absolutely love it. It's great as both an occasional time killing game or binge playing sort of game. I will be playing the other Rusty Lake games, and also looking forward to more! Atmospheric and wonderful! Love all these apps My only complaint is that it's too short. Otherwise, it's another wonderful addition to the Rusty Lake series. Loved it BRILLIANT just completed the collection of games in the series, game plays brilliant, makes you think in places, story's brilliant. Just waiting for more now. THANKS FOR THE MEMORIES What an amazing game! Truly. Rusty Lake games never fail to amaze and entertain. The price of the game is an absolute steal. So cheap for a marvellous piece of work. Could not fault it in any way. Great series and this is the longest game of them all. Great puzzles, beautiful artwork and soundtrack, eerie atmosphere, and fun to play. I'm not a fan of the spiritistic elements (ouija board, tarot cards, voodoo dolls, crystal ball, etc.), but the games are very well done and quite engaging. I love this game, but i am completely stuck on The Clock, Masks & The Bathroom.  No idea!  The only thing i hate about this game, well, all your Rusty Lake games, is that you give next to no instructions & zero hints.  At least in this game, i get the bubble thoughts for instruction.  Thats it.  But im stuck in a place where its not going forward. Loyal customer. I have all the games. This one was a little bit darker than the rest, but I'm still on the rusty lake boat. Wonderfully creepy but I couldn't stop until I finished it! Amazingly crafted game. It brings in many elements of previous rusty lake games, both in story and in puzzle setup. Some puzzles can be quite straightforward, but they serve well to forward the story. Can't wait to see more from these guys That was amazing experience! Please make more games like this Dieses Spiel ist definitiv das Geld werd. Macht Spaß und hat viele viele Rätsel von leicht bis schwer alles dabei und das ganze bei einer verrückten Story. Can I give it ten stars?  The elixir lab at the end was fascinating. Would love to see more of that and navigation related puzzles. (Have you guys heard of Starship Titanic, the Terry Jones game from the 90s? This series is so reminiscent of it.) Mr. Crow's voice continues to give me nightmares. Hours of hard thinking! Very interesting and you can't help but get caught in the surreal and bizarre story. Wow just wow lol good game. Fun to play when just needing some good puzzles. Music wasn't to bad, so parts a bit annoying on the music, but turning it down a bit did the trick. I really enjoyed the game, enough to download another! Love this game! Well done! Absolutely lovely! Atmosphere is just great Worth the money. Freeplay mode would be an awesome addition. Update it and its a 5star Great game. Nice storyline, quirky graphics, surrealism and occultism. Great game Loved the game.  But for 3 bucks I expected it to last longer / have more levels. Mysterious, just a bit creepy, and nicely challenging. Well worth paying for, especially if you enjoyed the free Rusty Lake stories. For me Rusty lake games are truly on top in their genre. They redefine the very notion of the point and click puzzles, the levels are gorgeously designed and look more like riddles that are much more interesting and challenging. I'm looking forward to next masterpiece from you guys. I don't like how I have to silence the music and sound effects every time I start the game. Amazing!! Can't wait for the next one! Rustly Lake had consistently provided fun and clever puzzles along with a creepy story line. I was expecting more game play because this was a paid game. I would have prefered less story scenes and more well developed puzzles. Worth every penny spent. I've played every single rusty lake game and this one is the best of all. After finishing this you can't help but give this game a good review. Get it! Guys, this is amazing! I'm a big fan of all your games and Roots was even better than your other escape episodes :) it's the first time I'm spending money on an Android game aaaand  I don't regret xD. love the way you lead your story, atmosphere and graphics - they're so thrilling.   It would be great to try some other ways of interacting with objects and the story itself - may be combining objects or more complicated puzzles? Wish you good luck and looking forward to new chapters! Or new stories :) Much longer game. Thanks 🤗 Where have you been all my life, Rusty Lake developers?!  Happy to pay for more!! Very creepy game but was truly entertaining amazing story and always keeps you coming back for more Nicely gruesome. Rusty Lake are the masters! I've been addicted to the entire series and Roots is no exception. Awesome gameplay with ample challenging moments. Best of all, the whole event is cloaked in a sinister, almost morbid atmosphere that only adds to the tension and excitement. Always worth the wait and $4 very well spent. Highly recommended! I have just finished playing all of the cube and rusty lake hotel and roots games and I absolutely love all of them but I think i could do with someone writing down the story of what's happening as I got a bit confused with the story, I love the mystery of it and I loved rusty lake hotel (rather gruesome, which I liked) and I would love to see an ending to the story and what it all means. Fantastic game and great dark storyline with plenty of weirdness, please bring another one out x Some of the puzzles were fun or clever. Other times, it was just illogical and convoluted. Anyone else got scammed with the $1.49 "sale" but got charged $2.99 too? Terrific! Rusty lake nailed it again! Another great Rusty Lake game. It's worth the price for the content and enjoyable gameplay. Buy it. Another great game from Rusty Lake. Ni siquiera lo juego pero sé que será genial pues toda la saga ha sido así. Gracias :D Loved it Great as always! Great dark narrative and fun puzzles. But it's all a bit easy. The short scenes mean it's easy to run through the game pretty quickly. Surreal, spooky puzzle game Excellent game! And I love the artwork! My only problem with the outstanding Rusty Lake franchise is that they can't put out new titles fast enough to quench my thirst to return to the enthralling, terrifying world they've created. After gaining our trust with a prolific output of free titles, they have now created a thrilling long-form experience and are charging for it. Rightly so - it's worth your money. Love the whole series by this company!! Must admit that this was the easiest one of them all. the storyline is fun but less challenging than other ones by the same team but still hands down the best mystery escape game series YOU GUYS ARE GENIUSES! I love the game, love the series, love the team of 2 you guys, love the fascinating voice, love your humour and creativity and literally go crazy about your creepy effect :v. However, I really need you to add a level reset button for completed levels, as the game is huge and I really want to look into some particular levels further.... Please??!? Wonderful.. like all the other rusty lake games. Great work!! I'm a faaaaaaannnnn. Can't wait for the cave! Rusty Lake is phenomenal. I love all the games and would be glad to pay for the next one! Superb puzzle solving mystery series with elements of horror and esoterica that span several games with hidden clues throughout the series. Think: Edgar Allan Poe meets 'Alice in Wonderland' meets 'Twin Peaks' and you get 'Rusty Lake'. It's a fun, twisted, and macabre adventure down the rabbit hole. And you'll never want to come back out. Dark. Sinister. Macabre. Welcome to Rusty Lake. If you liked the other rusty lake games (which are uniformly Awesome) you will be disappointed with this one.  It's long but nowhere near as challenging.  It substitutes many simple puzzles for the fewer complex ones of the other games.  Honestly I feel a bit bad for the poor review but they set such a high standard with their free games it was   a disappointment that the paid one wasn't up to snuff. One of the best games I've played so far! My favorite phone game ever! I seriously can't get enough! Rusty Lake, I've downloaded ALL of your games and paid for the two Rusty Lake games, and I want to play it all over again. Please make some more. Please. ❤❤❤ You have my support forever. This is the best puzzle game! As expected from Rusty Lake. Great game. Very interesting story, difficult to guess, makes you grind your brain really hard at some point. Such a fine gem hidden in the market. Creepy as all get out. Fun, intriguing, and easy to play. Tough puzzles that force you think outside the box while simultaneously not being too difficult to figure out. There's also a link in-game to a walk through for each puzzle, should you get stuck.   Great game!!! WORTH IT! REALLY great (as aways) I have been in love with the whole series so far and this one might just be my new favorite. It has twists, beautiful graphics and it's not too challenging. So addicting, I'm probably gonna restart it just to play all over agian. Ill be back for the next one, keep up the good work! Love these games. Please make more!! Great game! Overall good puzzle game, the last level was really challenging. Music and sounds were charming. Honestly my favourite series of all time and can't wait for the next game. Free or not I'll still willingly put money into this because they deserve it. First game i purchased and happy i did it. I loved this game, alot of fun to be had on mobile here.. Wish there were more levels. I love this game. awesome game A perfect puzzler, with a story built around the progression of time and an evolving family. Dark and suspenseful, filled with the by now well known cast of characters in some wonderful cameos. The latest offering in the Rusty Lake saga is a deepening of the mythos and remains as surreal and darkly satisfying as the previous entries. The developers have once again produced a different though clearly recognisable sequel whilst avoiding any stagnation of the series. Whilst the horizontal-scrolling setting was a departure from the rotating cube rooms of the previous games, this is a worthy entry into my favourite game series of all time. Another amazing installment of this creepy and morose series. Love the music. Puzzles are great! Recommend playing them (cube escape games) in order. I love your games, really. But I am 30 out of 33 right now and when I try to open The Last Dance it just goes to a black screen. Nothing happens,  just sits there. I'm so close I would love to finish the game, PLEASE HELP ME!!!!!!! Very good adventure game for age 16 and over. Very weird and somewhat spooky but that's what makes it fun. Waiting... This was an amazing game with a great storyline! I've been playing all of the escape cube games lately and loving them. Unfortunately, the change of controls in this game with the introduction of click and drag has made this game very difficult to play on my tablet and phone. I'm hoping that future rusty lake games return to just clicking, rather than needing to drag. I rue the day I finished this game. I don't know what to do with my life now Have really enjoyed these in the past but this is easily the worst. Becomes quite tiresome. Overly macabre, weak story and is very easy. Pretty much everything by rusty lake is absolutely amazing! It`s an awesome game, not that I`m surprised! Rusty Lake never disappoints! I hope there are other new games on the way! Great game, really worth playing again and again. The soundtrack is beautiful and the option to choose what to do first makes is great for if you get stuck on a level Fab Superb! Pure perfection. I love all the Rusty Lake games! Well thought out puzzles and an intriguing storyline. Roots left me wanting to know more about the mysteries of Rusty Lake and how the Vanderboom family ties into the main storyline. Can't wait for more! Another Hit... Well done Rusty Lake Crew... Fantastic! Love all of the rusty lake games and this might be my favorite. Best game I have seen in a while Their best yet. Absolutely incredible. This is my favorite game out of the series. The family and their stories are absolutely captivating. Bravo. I absolutely love all of the Rusty Lake games! Brilliant Absolutely fantastic game, I cannot put it down for more than 5 minutes. Loved the previous games and look forward to the rest, keep up the good work Rusty Lake Team! A*** Absolutely superb game - didn't want it to end! I rarely ever pay for games, but this game was worth it. It had me gasping and cringing the whole way through! I've never seen a horror puzzle game before, but this is incredible.The timing is flawless, there's always enough time between each jumpers for you to forget it's coming. The puzzles are also some of the best I've ever come across. Very nice game I finish it .. please tell us any new levels soon? I am very excited for new one This is even better than Rusty Lake!  The graphics and the story are creepy and adorable. Like if The Royal Tennenbaums were a horror movie. I love you, Rusty Lake! Absolutely enjoyable time waster 😊 I absolutely LOVE the Rusty Lake series and I have played and finished every single game they've put out. Im always super excited for the next game and im always looking forward to it! Some of the levels were a bit difficult and the controls a bit jankey but other than that I absolutely loved it! Its super amazing and cool. Waiting for the new episodes. Great point and click story with a variety of puzzles, both original and classic. Levels increase in difficulty until they truly challenge your mind. A free walkthrough is casually offered in settings. Love your games, keep it up! Rusty lake junkie 👆👆👆 WOW, one of the best offline paid games ever. Just saying right now, app unwrapped,( NOT SPONSORING) is the best for written guide for the game. Some puzzles were hard to figure out on your own. Only "bug" unlike other rusty lakes, and I've downloaded/ played them all, is you click an object too fast or repeatedly, it "floats"upward. Kinda "bugged" me ( ha ha ), but overall, great game, hope HOTEL is as good too, cause I bought that too. AWESOME and OFFLINE, TY! I don't usually play payed games .. I've started with all that for free. But I am so glad I buy this one  I just  love it. Hope there will be another soon This really is such a remarkable game!  Def worth playing! These games get better and better, thoroughly enjoyed everyone of them, this latest one is well worth playing, already looking forward to the next one, still got to find the emblems yet, but not rushing because that will mean the end of the game, keep them coming. Awesome. Everything from these guys are twisted and fun to play. Best one yet well done rusty lake team! meh Amazing game!!! As awesome as the others...next 1ne plz The entire series is great but this one just shows the series is only getting better. These games are so deep and intriguing that you can't stop playing until you finish it. Keep up the good work rusty lake! The Rusty Lake games are consistently incredible (and occasionally creepy/disturbing)... but Roots is their weakest offering. It has the most sophisticated graphics, but the least independent thinking/solving. Each chapter has one clear task - you never have to figure anything out. Yet again they didn't disappoint, eerie, strange and twisted.....great fun! The only major problem now is that I've done them all! Please make more! :-) Nicely done graphic. Creepy and smart game. Attention to details and connections among characters. Must play! Best game ever Great game. Dark and unconventional. The puzzles are tough enough and the story is quite complex. The graphics were okay but the challenge was good. I recommend this game for every puzzle player. The game is really good. However I felt that the puzzles were easier than the ones from previous chapters. The mood/atmosphere typically associated with the series and the great number of levels make up for it though. Definitely recommend! Great game... As usual.  Played all the other games and I wish they had more. I am absolutely in love with these games. I would never hesitate to recommend these games to a friend. Please keep them coming! &lt;3 An amazing game You can tell the developers take pride in their work.  Well polished and thoughtful game that is well worth it's low and fair price.  Artful and engaging! Rusty Lake games are my all-time favorite puzzle games. I eagerly await the release of every new installment and once I download them, I can barely get my face out of my phone until I complete each game. I loved the storyline for Roots. As usual, it was mysterious and darkly compelling. The only negative I found is that some of the puzzles were not very intuitive and a few were just downright illogical, such as when I was given a clue to solve a puzzle AFTER I had solved it. But other than that, great game! Great purchase, great game! Make more games so I can throw my money at you! Played all Rusty Lake games and this is my favorite Just make MORE!!  Need more games like this with the quality as well.   I've    never been disappointed by their games. Keep me posted when the next one arrives please!! The puzzles were superb and you will find yourself surprise by how things related to one another. However, it was also super scary when we need to collect "the body part" or kill the character. I enjoyed it--Rusty Lake games always have just the right amount of creepy! Strange, fun, and interesting! I need more rusty lake games there fantastic Best puzzle solving game I have ever played At first I was worried as two early puzzles were similar but I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game throughout. Starting with a single recommendation on Reddit (for Rusty Lake Hotel), I've just completed the tenth (or eleventh?) game in this ridiculously brilliant series. Hotel and Roots are both decent length games and well worth the money. The other, shorter ones (the Escape Cube series) vary in length but are all free and all tie in with this single, overarching story. It's truly fantastic, and appealed very well to my taste for the weird, creepy and fun. Reminded me a lot of Twin Peaks in tone. Get this. So sad when it ended. I was completely lost in it! I Love Rusty Lake!!! I would like to return this and get my money back somehow? I just don't like the game and it was a waste of money No refund!? Loved the game! The customer service too is quite prompt! I look forward to more of RustyLake! Anyone else having an issue with the chess board on level 29?  I can't seem to get the chess piece to move around the board?  I even checked the walkthrough and it shows the black chess piece moving around the board but mine won't budge!?  HELP....I love these games and really want to finish this one :) Too Easy, Boring. You're better off getting their free games which are more challenging. Very disappointed as I've played all the others in this series including the previous paid game Hotel. This is the best mobile game I have ever played. No joke. Perfect pace, perfect characters, perfect theme. Amazing artwork as usual. MUST buy for fans of horror point and clicks. Very fun game! I have enjoyed all previous Rusty Lake games and so was gutted that it freezes at the intro screen. Weird, clever, challenging. I love ALL the Rusty Lake games. Make more, please! Great game! All rusty lake's games are great! This game was awesome I really love Rusty Lake games they are my absolute favorite and I look forward to a new one This is the best among all. Especially the story behind This is one of the best game series ever. This one in particular was amazing. I played it last and it blew me away. Very creepy. Very fun. Love the puzzles. Love the connections to each game.. All I can say is.. I don't want it to be over. Please, MAKE MORE! If not in this storyline then create another. Lol I'm hooked. I'd buy every game. It's worth it. Realy Realy good. I am waiting for next,  what happen whith golds emblem, i find just one. I love rusty lake. They continue to get better and better and this one is definitely worth the price especially considering most of their games are free. Aamodt perfekt Absolutely loved. I love that the puzzles aren't too hard but aren't too easy and are super creative. Please make more. A more than meets the eye kind of game!! Exactly the quality you'd expect from Rusty Lake I was looking for something a bit different to play. Drawn in by the graphics, this was my first Rusty Lake game & I also found the game play and puzzles unique. Have since played the cube escape games and Hotel, love how they are all part of a bigger story. Brilliant game! I LOVE this series! This game is a true work of art! It helps tie together much of the whole Rusty Lake and cube escape stories, however... After nearly finishing the game, upon reopening to finish, my progress was wiped and I was restarted to the beginning. I replayed it, finished, and was one medal away from getting all the final gold medals. After replaying *again*, it was wiped just before finishing the medals again. I have never once pressed the reset button. Please fix so I don't have to keep doing this! I love the cube escape series, and thought rusty lake hotel was a treat. While I enjoyed the story and creepyness of roots, the puzzles for the first half or so were too simple, and the latter half had some that were too complex. The game just didnt feel as well balanced as most of the rest of the series. You should still play it though. Just love playing this game. I've been a fan since the cube games. I just love how the story unfold and just keeps me curious of what's gonna happen next. A must play game!. Can't wait for the next one LOVE IT! Great Game. I've been waiting for this Love the graphics and puzzles.  Thank you for providing the link to the walk through. 😊 I've completed all of the rusty lake games, while this one isn't as disturbing as Hotel it was still great as ever. Heaps of levels and secret ones so the game took a while to get through. Definitely would not like to meet uncle Albert on a dark night. I always look forward to any Rusty Lake game, and this was no exception Great game! I love all the cube and rusty lake games Not worth my time. Feel suckered: are ALL those reviews REAL??? Amusing, entertaining, irritating and disturbing in equal measure. Rusty Lake have managed to create a consistently inconsistent original world that stays true to itself yet dances merrily on the feet of Lovecraft, Poe and Python. Smart, witty, charming and psychotic. I waited for this for a very long time. And worth the wait. I love the rusty lake series and have not been able to find anything better. Awesome Looked so promising... But a glitch won't let me get past the damn clock. How annoying. Beautiful, challenging, creepy, engaging. Creepy, excellent use of music. Surreal puzzles. Iconic art. While there are quite a few levels, you can pick up where you left off easily. Challenging but not impossible. A great addition to the series Loving the series. Keep it coming! First puzzle game I've played and really enjoyed it! Looking forward to more! This is the first of your series that I found boring and unimaginative,  incredibly repetitive and you get the feeling that you solve the same super easy puzzle over and over. This is truly the first of your game where I find myself really disappointed. You need to keep making these. They are the most intriguing game series I've ever played 😍 This is a great game and a nice addition to the other Rusty Lake story lines. Edited: I tried to replay a completed level, and was told you can go to Settings and click the Reset button. The game will let you reset just the level or the entire game. Unfortunately, this doesn't work on totally completed levels, just on partial ones. Please fix! No regrets for buying it. Puzzles way too easy, hardly puzzles at all. I am a huge Rusty Lake fan and am very disappointed. Always brilliant. Love rusty lake This one really delivers. Great cohesive story. Kinda creepy and great game. Love it!! The best by far, great game. Please add cloud save for next one :-) The best of all rusty lake series! Keep up the good work and looking forward to the new series! I played this after the many cube escape games. Just like the other games in the series, it has that careful balance of horror and mystery which I really enjoyed. Twisted tale of a weird family. Puzzles are easier than other Rusty Lake games, but the story is compelling and art is incredible. Finished all the RL game s. Need new ones ASAP!! I just can't get enough of the games from Rusty Lake! Any game that comes out from Rusty Lake will be on my phone, paid or free, as I really think they make unique and quality games. There are a bunch of levels, so it is definitely worth the price. Great storyline as well. The story and generally the ambience are great, I love Rusty Lake! The puzzles felt a bit easier than the other games in the series. EDIT: The bonus puzzles are however more challenging, and make a nice addition to the game and storyline! A great addition to the series. Dont like voodoo,satan, plz make it less demoic. First time I paid for a game and it's worth every penny. If you are not sure play the cube escape series first. If you love those treat yourself to rusty lake hotel and roots. More please!!!! Yet another amazing game from you guys. Thanks so much - you never disappoint! Amazing game, and such a reasonable price. Love all of these Rusty Lake games, keep them coming I absolutely love this game, it's addicting. I love the Rusty Lake series with all my heart. The puzzles are always interesting and the art is the perfect fusion of quirky and creepy. The only downside is that every time I complete a game, I'm left wanting more! I've found very few games on Google Play as compelling and unique  as Rusty Lake. I hope the series will continue! I shat in my pants I bought roots on a whim and have never regret it. Amazing storyline and sucked me in for hours. Keep up the excellent work! Worth every single penny. I have never been disappointed with a Rusty Lake release but this is a new high. Itching for the next macabre, compelling addition to the series. Keep up the good work team! Perfect game for me, this one is just as amazing as the others and I cant wait for the next one!! We need more of these ASAP Love it! Thoroughly creepy and campy. Rusty lake games are very unique... But fantastic. This one is the best so far. Worth every penny. Much more in depth than Hotel. It was crazy! I know this sounds crazy BUT I don't wanna play because I don't want the game to be over LOL I ABSOLUTELY LOVE RUSTY LAKE GAMES!!!  PLEASE KEEP THEM COMING!!! 😍😍👍👍 The puzzles were easier than the Cube escape games BUT I loved that it didn't get in the way of the main story which is the history of Rusty Lake. Love love LOVED IT! I loved it, its worth it, imersive artistic, amazing puzzles, and lovable characters, but just one thing... I NEED A SEQUAL!! This is too good I just crave more! Couldn't stop! Just perfect Super smooth and fun on my Pixel. Worth the money. Wasn't sure whether to part with the money but for the price of a coffee I have been immersed for 2 days! Fantastic game, now to play the rest of the series! Did everything correct but the scene didn't want to proceed Rusty Lake always brings surprises to me! Roots is more than a game, it is an extraordinarily brilliant brain game, the best ever! I love it so much!  Please keep bringing surprises! Yes, I've played all the previous games in this series and this does not disappoint. Several hours of clever and bizarre entertainment. The walkthrough came in handy for the higher levels. Praise to you all at Rusty Lake for this amazing and well constructed game. I'm truly conflicted about the rating.  The game is so primitive and without all the bells and whistles like NO morphing objects and NO collectibles. but the biggest issue is: NO TELEPORTING MAP, STRATEGY GUIDE  OR HINT BUTTON! The ONLY help is the WALKTHROUGH that you've got to exit the game to go to the website.  However, it did challenge my mind and made me think for myself, not being so quick to give in for help.  Not my favorite but def ok. ... Can hardly wait for the next installment! charming in a gruesome sort of way :-) I've never downloaded something so fast; I love all the rusty games. Seriously so good! So entertaining love the storyline love the darkness love the creativity! Have I said love enough? The other rusty lake games are much better than this one...and they are free. This is an amazing point-and-click game with a completely dark and eerie feel to it. I love everything about it, and definitely worth the price. Super as usual Another excellent game from Rusty Lake, but the last level was too hard, I had to look up the solution in the end... Was great to play the first time round. Reset it so I could play again but when I get to "the search" level, there's a bug where the parrot never appears. So I'm stuck holding on to the tube with the note. Please have a look into this? Brilliant I've played the whole Rusty Lake series and I really liked all of them accept... the ONLY one I paid for. Pretty disappointed. It's a very boring, repetivted game. So boring, that I couldn't even finish it. It's the same puzzles OVER AND OVER... yawn. Dark, twisted, macabre fun. The entire series is an absolute blast to play and Roots is no exception. It's not long (you can beat it in an afternoon), but you've definitely paid more to go see a film. Why not get a great story with wonderful music and tricky logic puzzles for a few bucks? If you're not sure you'll like it, play any of Rusty Lake's free online games, and realize that this is any of those games x5. Seriously. Buy it, play it, and enjoy. Another incredible addition to this breath taking series! This new approach to the rusty lake style is both ambitious and successful. It's a somewhat mechanically different game that builds on the formula while keeping true to the old feel. I can't wait to see where the rusty lake team will take us next! A nonsensical point and click time waster I have never paid for a phone game before but after playing the free installments of the Rusty Lake series I was so impressed that I didn't think twice about this purchase. With 33 levels and bonus levels upon completion, the game is well worth the money and I'm more than happy to support Rusty Lake in hopes they continue to produce such great work. The game as the same mysterious and eery atmosphere that makes Rusty Lake so memorable and the puzzles were challenging and all around good fun. Love the game and the previous. Stuck unable to complete the well pt2. Pulled the old guy up from the well an then clicked on the lady, went back an he's gone an i cant finish? I love your team's collective efforts in making wonderful adventures for extraordinary fans. Keep up the stellar game development and now with both Hotel and Roots I look forward to the Rusty Lake universe! Loved it. The puzzles are just challenging enough to keep busy and entertained without getting frustrated. Great job! Wish it was longer. Look forward to more to come. It's so great. Very different from other games. What can I say? I love everything Rusty Lake has put out. I think this game was easier than most of their other offerings, but the depth of the content makes it still the best they have yet offered. Seriously this is the best one by far, its like every cube escape in one reinvented to perfection Starts off simple....gets you into it. Experienced Rusty's will definitely get a "child's play" feel. But that doesn't carry through the whole game. The story is well developed and clearly helps set up the future expansions. Oh and just when you think *spoiler blocked*.... -kinda long- ... They don't leave you hanging. My first addiction app was fran bow and then I came across this after reading the reviews like I did with fran doenloaded and bought everything I saw produced I keep getting notifications to update but ive only recently went from one to the other completing them all so only downfall im trying my b3st to restrain myself from updating recently completed but even still the need is there loved it loved it LOVED IT pleaseeeeeee make more please had so much fun with the spare time even when it wasnt spare lol :) Awesome! !!!! One of the best puzzle game. Can't wait to next one Loved the game! Doesn't live up to previous Rusty Lake games, all of which I loved.  The puzzles in "Roots" are very short and repetitive, feels like you just keep solving the same puzzle over and over.  The earlier games were very imaginative, this one is simple. And boring.  Three stars because I still appreciate the drawing and ambiance of the game. Last update brings everything you needed. Back button works as expected now I really love this Escape game. Some stages are so creepy. Got really put off by lack of interaction and wasnt very involved the story Near sublime. Next one needs to be a bit more challenging. Such a fun game!  I finished in one day bc I couldn't put it down! Check out their cube escapes, fall in love with the hotel, and feel almost complete with roots. Great story, dark, fun.  Love the quality, art, storyline.  You know what you have to do! This sets the bar! Did this with my 9 year old, done in a few hours. Lots of fun, though. My daughter got the patterns pretty quick. Still worth the money. Best gilerrrr As azlways the puzzles are challenging and weird but the plot line is great! Love all the rusty lake stuff!!! I like it. I am used to clicking instead of moving the screen, but overall, cool game, well designed, incredible story, 5/5 Decent challenge and very interesting back story to the overall series, though it stands alone well on its own. Just as good as the hotel episode. This was my first paid ANYthing (game, app, book etc..) Once I began the game,  I was hooked.  I looked forward to it every evening and now that I've completed it,  I'm lost without it. Loved the artwork, game play, storyline and music! I'm off to get Rusty Lake Hotel.  Thanks for such an amazing experience! Why is the game too easy on non-habit. We would like the level of not less than what we are used to from the previous Mes félicitations aux développeurs qui ont su créer un jeu aussi original qu'énigmatique. Je continuerai à vous soutenir, vos jeux sont un vrai plaisir. Bravo ! I love this game! As always the rusty lake team never fails to amaze us, i look forward to the next game in the series! Enough said. It's dark, puzzling, and tells an amazing story. Simply brilliant. So very good. Story, visuals, music, puzzles...all of it. Buy now. Excellent puzzles If you're looking for a good puzzle game with a layered, mysterious narrative, distinctive characters, and an engrossing atmosphere made complete with haunting music and stylish art, look no further.  The thread of melancholy mystery and moments of unsettling creepiness make for a unique and fulfilling experience.  Solve the mystery of Rusty Lake and you won't be disappointed. Of all the Rusty Lake games, Roots takes all of the most intriguing puzzles from previous games and give them new life, and introduces entirely new tricks that almost have you thinking in a new dimension. It gives you a chill to see references (from places and people, to dresses and songs) of the mysteries to Rusty Lake. The longest and most in depth game yet, Roots has a fantastic replay value not only for the puzzles, but in each subtle nuance of plot and personal impact. Great game series. I'll buy anything this company makes as long as it is this interesting and fun. Cube escape series are wonderful, worth the money :)))) wait for more games... Great fun! Love this game. Awesome game, hands down. This time the story was sooo deep! Loved every minute of it :) Looking forward to the next game! Great story lines. Love it! The final game was a nice surprise. Mr Crow hasn't revealed his identity yet. Wish the next game can tell more about him. It's totally worth the money! Always enjoying this series of games, they are all super amazing!!! Loving it!!! Such a lovely game and the artistry and music, ah! Another beautiful game from the rusty lake guys :) Rusty lake outdoes themselves yet again. Smart, atmospheric, and haunting. Keep em coming guys! This game is the best from the saga until now!! Without fear of being wrong, this game has everything! An excellent story that keeps you stick to the screen, and the new gameplay is just great!! The puzzles were very difficult, and the most important thing, the length of the game is that makes it different from the others! I love it Can't seem to get past the blood handprint puzzle. I even looked it up on a walkthrough and it's still not doing anything and I can't progress without it opening. I love other games by RL more, but still 5/5. Easily worth the money, good degree of difficulty, interesting story, if you like puzzles this is a cool take on the genre The only thing i hate about this game series is that i can't put it down!! I love these games and cannot wait for the next one to be out! Fantastic puzzles, great characters and fun too. You have to use your brain a little ;) Just right...Quirky and interesting, not to hard not too easy Keep up the good work! I want more games please! Im addicted to this game..been up for a few nights.. These games are great They never disappoint Wonderful series; engaging, enthralling, and definitely worth your time. Great puzzles, my favorite Rusty Lake game yet. More plz! That totally grossed me out. That is all. I truly love these games! This series has been fantastic. The free games are amazing. The paid games are worth paying for. Can't wait for more to come! Good story, good graphic, good atmosphere and surprisingly long! I've played all the other Rusty Lake cube escape games and this is just as good, if not better (and much longer). Can't wait for the next 'episode'. I don't know how to explain my feelings  when I saw it on PlayStore. I've been waiting for the new chapter since Rusty Lake Hotel. And holy*** this dude is awesome as expected(or even more)! Thanks creators for hard working. xxx These games are so eerie, I just love it. I like this format of watching multiple storyline progress in parallel.  I think it would be cool to included some more of the direct interaction styles ones. Like the hermit in the well sending up the paper plane. That was neat.  Overall, I would say the puzzles are generally on the simpler side compared to others in the series. But, the story is compelling enough to not really mind. The additional quest at the end was a really nice surprise. Really good job guys! Well done! Per Usual I loved it Halloween purchase And I love it! Great job.  Thanks How have I missed these games??...love this and the cube series...pack a lunch and free up a couple of hours, cuz once you start playing, you won't be able to stop!  And to the devs: please keep them coming!! Another awesome offering from Rusty Lake. Keep them coming! As a huge and long term fan, I love Rusty Lake: Roots. This game blew me away and I couldn't put it down until the end!! Lots of content and beautiful artwork and soundtrack! 5/5 excited for what future games will bring! Probably the best one yet because of the long game play. Can't wait to see what they come up with next! A little too easy, in my opinion. Love the storyline, and the creepy vibe, but I rattled through the levels without ever getting stuck. Still, looking forward to the next one.  EDIT: Ok, got to the secret levels at the end, and I stand corrected - definitely  a challenge.  An amazing achievement, devs. Wondetful Again!!! Poignant, creepy, hilarious and intriguing all in equal measure. And other things too, if only I had the words. If you're a Point and Click fan, just buy and play it. But not before you buy and play the rest of the Rusty Lake series. Puzzles are still weird-ly amazing as usual. Worth it :) Really enjoyed the lore and the mystery behind the family. I also liked how it's all linked to cube escape. Keep up the good work. Make more. If you are on the fence take the plunge. Best game I have played in a long, long time. In fact,  first one I have rated ever. Loved it!! it supposed to be 5.0 stars rate not less 😠 Another winner from rusty  lake. It has the same moody atmosphere,  but it's just not as challenging as the games that came before it. It was fun, but the puzzles could have used a bit more variety Not only is this a great puzzle game, but a conceptually and aesthetically stunning piece, the game game equivalent of a page-turner. Well done guys! These series of games, along with The Room, are the best I've played on android. Another great game Loved this game! Such a great value compared to those 'free to play' pay wall games.  The story is dark and original, the game play is challenging but not artificially difficult, and overall I was very happy with the purchase. Look forward to more! Thanks Went through in one sitting. Impossible to put down! Perhaps slightly less challenging as the first Rusty Lake but just as brilliant or better. Loved it! One of the best Android game I have ever played. Truly overwhelming. Outstandingly dark and wonderful Y ES GO OFF As ever. The only downside is having to wait for the next one.  The puzzles are well balanced between being challenging and achievable, and there are enough of them to keep you going. Beautifully quirky too. The team at Rusty Lake have done it again. This is by far the best game series I have ever played. I love the thrill and adventure of the entire series and this new addition did not disappoint. Do not be afraid to spend the little bit of cash required to enjoy this game because it is well worth it. I got answers to a couple of my questions about the lake but left with even more but regardless I could not be more thrilled with the hours of gameplay I received. I can't wait until the next addition! Awesome work. More! I liked this one a lot better than the hotel.  The only grievance is that the puzzles seem generally simpler than previous games, lest the last level and the gold coins. Still lots of fun to play and a real deal at $3 Easier puzzles than other Rusty Lake games, but because they were very logical and flowed nicely. It was my favorite of their games, which says a lot because most of them are great. I beat it in a couple days, but it took several hours. Well worth the cost of the game. Story wise, it has more lore than any other mobile games. Was expecting that this game would explain the origins of Mr. Crow and Mr. Owl...glad I was half right. 😊 Great game. Good puzzles challenging but not too hard. ❤ Nice way to pass the time Halloween weekend! The stone either fly above the tree or hit the girl in the head. Just couldn't seem to hit the bee hive no matter how many times I try. What am I doing wrong? Amazing storyline and graphics. I was transported to this really dark world with mysteries! the best so far! Once again amazing job! Cant wait for your next project! All the Rusty Lake games are phenomenal. Challenging puzzles, intriguing artwork, and a very different storyline than what you normally would find. Roots is so far my favorite. I hope there's more to come! Amazing This game is amazing! Not too much more to say. Wonderful beautiful game Gameplay very good. I do wish that I could replay one of the smaller portrait puzzles, or any puzzle, for that matter, from its starting state all over again. I loved it guys! Congratulations for this great work, and please, keep working on this series, im ansious to the next game hahaha :) Brilliant again. I'll buy anything the team make. The puzzles might feel easier in this game, but that's only because the internal logic flows perfectly, and things make sense.  There were one or two Cube Escapes where they were still working those things out.  Buy it, yeah? Best one yet another and good length, plus extra bonus tasks after the main ending. As always Very inventive and not too hard. Great job! It was a good length, i just didnt want it to end! This game deserves 5 stars. Alot if these games are impossible after a certain point. Got stuck a couple of times but mostly did it all without having to look it up. Good story, silly gore, this is one of my favorite games that I've ever purchased. Please make more fast! This game is a brain teaser and has such a lovely dark plot. The rest are just as fun. Loved it! Can't wait for more Rusty Lake and Cube Escape games! Thank you!!! I love the Rusty Lake games. Theres nothing else like them anywhere. I finished this one on about a day and a half. I'm now impatiently waiting for the next game. Another brilliant game, addictive and intriguing as always.The combination between interesting puzzles and a moving plot, full of symbolic meaning makes this game "stand out in a crowd" of other ecape games. Gives the player a great experience. Towards the end of the "roots" game though, it felt like the puzzles were'nt very logical, but required more guessing rather than using common sence: just like the elixir finding in the end.There were dozens of combinations, while the solution was rather coincidental I didn't find it very entertaining but the graphics were really nice and no glitches If you are still thinking I'll encourage you to buy it. £2.65 is like a cup of coffee? These guys really deserve it, even an award in my opinion. These game designers are artists, sound design, story, graphics, puzzles are all very enjoyable. I never buy games but just had to after playing the other Rusty Lakes in the series. Mansion is my favorite but roots is pretty much just as awesome. More, more, more please!! It's still too short like the Mansion, like I'm playing a demo version of each level, the last part of the roots where i have to balance the jars is the puzzle that i really don't understand at all, the eyes supposed to be "1" not "5" it doesn't make any sense checking out the walkthrough Thumbs up I absolutely love this series The story was great and the puzzles were wonderful, but the last puzzle made no sense. Otherwise, great! Best game ever! Love the games this group puts out.  Visually and mentally stimulating throughout! I haven't even played the game yet and I know this game will be awesome I love games by rusty lake y'all have a player for life!!! Absolutely brilliant, and oh my god SO beautiful and intriguing! Rusty Lake games are the the best by far, and Roots is a marvelous piece of art. I can't stress this enough: LOVED IT! One of the best tablet games I've played. Diverse and challenging puzzles I can't pick a favorite thing to talk about! The art, music, puzzles, story, and the setup of the game is all just perfect. I love that everything revolves around that tree. This game is just so captivating! I did have to use walkthroughs for some levels, but I found all the gold emblems by myself, which was cool. This series is a must play. It's puzzels, difficulty, music, story, atmosphere and so much more are absolutely perfect. If you have not played these games you are missing out. Congratulations Rusty Lake on another amazing game!!!!! The best puzzle ever. Finished it in 3 days. Trying to ruin the 5 stars rated overall :) Brilliant game Love these games - hands down my favorite. I waited a few days to start playing because I knew that once I started I wouldn't be able to stop, which ended up being true. Trying to finish without help but 33 is destroying me :( Great work on the game... I had a hard time waiting for this after I finished off all the Cube series and Rusty Lake Hotel. Definitely worth it!! just play！ Like the game's This new Rusty Lake game is really awesome - as special and mysterious as the previous ones. Really love Rusty Lake and their projects. I can't say enough good things about Rusty Lake, and this new game did not disappoint at all.  I loved the overarching storyline, it really drew me in, so I didn't care if a few puzzles were on the easier side (some were quite tricky so it all balanced out  anyway).  I was torn between not wanting to put it down and not wanting it to end.  Awesome job, guys. I love all of these games. The writers are gifted beyond belief and are amazing at creating an uneasy tension. I love Rusty Lake's games so much! This one was well worth the money! I was so thrilled when it came out! Everything I was hoping for and more!! You nailed it. Beautiful artwork, brilliant puzzles, highly imaginative storylines... that voice actor! Would give you infinite stars if that was possible. Fantastic work you all. I just finished the game and am hinting down all of the seals now. Please keep this series coming. Every game just gets better. Very nice job on the artwork and puzzles. Also, I don't know who does the music for this series, but they definitely deserve kudos, it really sets the mood. Well done guys, loved it and wish it was longer. I couldn't figure out the last part once the last chapter was over, the part about the gold emblems, please help Sheer beauty Only question.  When is the next game coming? :D Really impressed! The storyline continues to be creepy, but I love it. Its not too hard but still takes me a couple of hours to finish it. Played many similar games before but this series are by far my favorite Really great plot, recognizable style,  nice music. But puzzles are too easy. And there is no real challenge this time. I've completed it in one evening and now I want more. Truly Inspiring!!! Sublime In The Painting level I have completed everything but the woman has not ended up in the noose as expected. Otherwise, I love it and so happy you put out another game! I couldn't put it down.   Great game with a good story. Was so excited to find out you guys came out with another game!! I already finished it and I am going to patiently wait for the next. Another five stars for another awesome game :) This game didnt dissapoint. Ive waoted for this game for a long time and was so glad to finaly get to play it. Its longer then some of their games but that makes it worth the price. Its creepy mistirious and great addition to the siries. So incredibly good. Engaging story, tricky but manageable puzzles. The best game so far from the Rusty lake series. I love the new gameplay and the new story. Keep the good work. Greetings from Greece. 😁👌🌅 Beat the game in a 4 hours straight session with secret level. Really works your brain! The best one so far! I have been waiting for what seems like an eternity for this game. Finally had a day off to devote to nerding out and playing from beginning to end. Never a disappointment from you guys, but this one is by far the best! Great job and keep them coming, please! I'm a huge fan of the rusty lake games and this game lives up to their style. A puzzle game which tells a story. The puzzles aren't too difficult so it doesn't detract from the story. However I did notice that on some levels you had to do things in a certain order otherwise the game would freeze. If I'm honest it's not even that big a deal, as you can just restart that level, but you know something that can be fixed! Great game! Can't wait for their next Cube Escape! 😊😊😊😊 They never fail to deliver an amazing game I love the way these developers think.  Many hours of awesome game play.  I'm such a fan.  Thank you Harvey and other! Since the first time I downloaded Theater I can't stop playing it. Roots has finally came out and I've finished it. Amazing as always. The story has lots of detailes and the game doesn't end too soon. Even it's not very hard this time. Happy to see that the story of rusty lake will be continued. Really looking forward to the next masterpiece. Excellent game that engages your mind and keeps you interested. Some levels are harder than others, but not impossible. Great addition to the Rusty Lake series of games! Thanks for bringing such terrific, albeit morbid, creativity! This series continues to be great. The puzzles are challenging, but not too difficult. So far I have not encountered I have had to seek help with, and I am not a great puzzle solver. The unfolding story over time is very interesting and goes a long way the unfolding story overtime is very interesting and goes a long way towards furthering the Rusty Lake storyline. Overall I'm very impressed. I love rusty lake games and I'm so happy they cam out with a new one. It's great. This is all I hoped it would be, and bigger and more elaborate. I didn't know I wanted this story but it's weirder and better than I imagined. Finally I can Rusty my ROOT Exactly what I was waiting for! This was worth the wait! Engaging, challenging and, as always, blissfully unsettling.   My only critique, the clue for the final puzzle is found after solving the puzzle. This made it very difficult, a lot of blind guessing involved. Otherwise, I will wait for the next mystery of Rusty Lake with bated breath. I have been a fan since the first rusty lake series and been expecting this game for months! Just as good - if not better - than Hotel; the only criticism I can think of is it was over too soon and now I have to wait for the next one! Brilliant. Absolutely loved this game. Congratulations to the developers - they get it right in every aspect. Particularly enjoy the balance they achieve with the difficulty of the puzzles - very challenging but neither impossible nor ridiculously obscure. The pigeon puzzle was a particular favourite! Love love love Another amazing game. Love the added content & the walkthroughs. Not as horrifying as some previous episodes but that doesn't detract from the overall plot & quality of this smart game. I have loved the series ever since Rusty Lake Hotel and Cube Escape. And yes this brings tears to my eyes, happy tears tho. But one thing, for me it still kind of lack the "twistedness". But either way, this game was way too intruiging and raised more questions than I have expected. Can't wait for other games you will produce. The wait was well worth it. Best "escape" series I've ever played😍😍😍 Awesome! Rusty lake is absolutely amazing no questions asked. I am super excited to play this as I have been checking pretty much daily for a new game to play :) keep em coming!! I loved it!!!! Such an awesome game!! As always this game was amazing. The illustrations were beautiful and the story was perfectly dark. I loved having more levels and the bonus medallion levels but I wish the levels were a bit harder because I was done with the game in such a short time. I want it to last! Overall an impeccable game. Just finished the game...now I'm going to play it again! 👌 Best game ever ❤ I am amazed at what this two person team has accomplished. Puzzles are tricky without being moon logic, and tight storyline linking back all the way to Samsara Room Great games. Great game. Really twisted stuff, but great too. I have faith in you guy since I've played each and every game of rusty lake. So I'll give a 5 stars first though play later. First thirty seconds features a small dog frolicking Been waiting for what seems like forever! Keep up the great work guys! Once again a great game from Rusty Lake! So excited! Thank you guys! Your email system was perfect, so i could play this the moment you released it! Confrats on a wonderful effort! Such a good game, can definitely see the amount of effort that went into making it. Looked forward to this game for months. Finished in about 6 hours. Good game overall, but a little easier than some of the others. On the plus side, much longer than the others. Rusty Lake is still my favorite game company! What can I say? Just a few minutes into the game and just as expected, this will be another brilliant point and click adventure. The lore surrounding Rusty Lake just makes you want to find out more and the creepiness factor is a plus! Been a huge fan, what's not to like? My favorite mobile game series, period. You NEED to play this now. Cant wait to kill time on this one. Amazing game, each one is better than the last. Outstanding everything! One of the best game series's out there I think there is a bug in level The Brood. I did all steps, twice and the baby does not appear. Been waiting for this forever. Glitches here and there. But oh so worth it. Gosh. Love it The game is looking great so far. I didn't experience any issue with the Staircase level, but I did experience the handkerchief issue in Finding Love. Other than that, there was a glitch where you tap on the butterfly rapidly on Emma on the young Samuel, Emma and Albert level. And if you put your phone on standby while playing the game, when you return, the game is muted. More bugs/glitches will be found, yet other than that, the game runs great. Nothing too game-breaking now. Keep up the great work guys! You can see how much effort was put in making beautiful artwork, game design and storytelling work together. The Rusty Lake series has become one of the most important point and click games out there, by their ingenious puzzles, sublime design and innovation in the genre. Just as good as the other stories , if not better . And once again ,I'm falling In love with the way you mix such innocence with the darkest details and things . Please oh please , keep this up. I have never waited on a game and checked a blog daily to keep checking on the status of its release. It's really unlike me to do so even though I've played tons of games. Your games are special, no doubt about it. I've played every single one of them and have loved them all. My 2 faves are Cube Escape: Theatre and Rusty Lake Hotel. Please keep developing and thank you for your games! Once you get in you won't let go or get bored.. Some awesome story with the best art and voice acting.. Give it a try! Another great addition to the rusty lake series No surprise that I love it. Great quality.  Intend on binge playing it and trying to have it completed by the end of today I have been waiting so long for this game to come out! I have no doubt about this game being amazing just like the other cube escape games! Yes yes yes...... I know this game will not let me down, will return to give a actual review of the game This game is amazing, I've been waiting and have been so excited for this game. Thank you for making the best out there!!! Fascinating ! Fantastic game, very well done. So fast to respond to fans too I love these games but the developers have impressed me even more. I downloaded the game at 11am this morning. Discovered a glitch at 11.11am and emailed about it, they responded almost immediately with some questions and suggestions. Still didn't work so emailed back. They let me know they were looking into it and by 1.30pm they let me know an update was available. Which has fixed it. Some other games developers could really do with taking  notice of how to treat customers. Amazing. I have been waiting months and months and months for this game to come out and I figured I would just read it now before having to do it later so that I can just focus solely on playing this game. The Rusty Lake  games  are mysterious, beautiful, ominous,  puzzling, atmospheric- I could keep going! The art style,  music,  puzzles, plot- a perfect storm of creepy and challenging. Haven't.played it yet but i know i'll love it. 3 bucks is the least i can pay. Love your games so much! Haven't played it yet but I know I'm gonna love it! This is one of the BEST games I have found to play. Great graphics, good storyline and amazing hidden "clues". Thanks so much for putting all the hard work in -- it shows! It's an interesting concept, but compared to some of the free Rusty Lake games it's a bit short and underwhelming. Loved this game; a proper puzzle game without hidden objects to find. Fingers crossed for a white door 2 Wow. I am so impressed. I played this game from start to finish in one sitting because I simply just could not put it down. I am a huge fan of the Rusty Lake games, so I had high hopes to begin with, but was just blown away. I just loved everything about this game! Strange, this game left me a little emotional, and a little nostalgic/pensive. Great music as usual from Victor Butzelaar. too short and too easy... Amazing game, just like the rest of the series! I'm almost done with the whole series. For the paid ones, it is worth every penny. I enjoyed it a lot That was wierd I love this game! And all the rusty lake games. The story is wild and puzzles are clever. The creaters have done a fantastic job on all of their game. A+ music over gruesome cartoon scene. Worth every penny! Wonderful game, so calming but still keeps you on your toes. Love the puzzle aspect of the game. Please make more games Weird and amazing Culte I was underwhelmed by the game. There were hints of plot, but it never amounted to anything. If you were to ask me what the game was about, I'd have a difficult time answering. It seemed like there was deeper meaning below the surface, but in the end, it truly was shallow. It's okay, though I felt it's short. I still prefer the gameplay of the other cube escape and rusty lake games. Really enjoying everything that falls under rusty lake. Loved the secret ending and achievement hunt EXCELLENT, as always! Good job!!!! This game was one of the best I've played. It's made with thoughtful awareness of when these things happen. It's easy to play overall yet things are logical. It's a game like no other. Thoroughly addicted to these strange and wonderful story puzzles. Not their best work, but Rusty Lake's worst stuff is still better than a lot of other escape games out there. Fairly short and rather bizarre (in typical Rusty Lake fashion) but its fairly good, especially when you consider this was likely made during a pandemic. If this were any other company I might've regretted spending more than a dollar on it, but since its Rusty Lake I really don't mind the price. I'm happy to help support the creators, especially since they made so many other games free. I love the rusty lake games but this one was a bit of a let down compared to the others. Felt like it cost too much for a short game. Puzzles weren't that satisfying. Plot was half baked. Awesome. Love it ! Love your games...this is direction you dont wanna stick too....Arfty farty. Childish interaction that was 70% of the game...God damn monotonous. Hardly any puzzles more like a walkthrough...gutted I paid for this.. If you enjoy the other Rusty Lake games you'll probably like it. A couple puzzles were unintuitive but most were logical. A nice addition to the series. Was a bit easy, but still a nice game What a beautiful game. Not in the traditional sense, but a game that makes me connect and feel for the characters, a game that is both satisfying to play, not stressful, yet somehow also brings out a sadness about the tragic absurdity of life. I don't usually leave reviews but I can't seem to get enough of Rusty Lake games. 🤓 Amazing. Definitely worth the three dollars. I was skeptical at first but its an honest good game! Definitely left me thinking about what the ending meant! Thank you to those who took the time to make this. I really really enjoyed it. (: Weird but fun game Having played a lot key the Rusty Lake games, this one is not uk to their usual standard. Concept is tiresome, more time spent clicking through the story (which is boring) than actually solving problems. Based on this experience, won't buy another Rusty Lake game. Disappointed. Don't waste your time or money. By far the most uplifting rusty lake experience and it has some new mechanics too. What a great little game Always loved the stuff from Rusty Lake I guess not as good as previous parts but still like this climate of game Very Fun , tricky and well made a great game It was a cool game. Can't wait to see more from you guys! As a fan who played and bought all of Your games I must say I'm disappointed. It was painfully too easy. For a paid one You should put much more effort in it. End credits showed up the moment I expected the game to really start. Still liked music, graphics and mood though. Piece of art Bit skeptical at first but it's a really good game worth what I paid reason four stars as it's too short wish it was loner I like it, not as good as the Rusty Lake series, but it's a different approach and took me a while to get accustomed to it. The story is strange as you could expect and puzzles not that complicated. Need to give it another go as I missed most of the achievements and the secret level... Enjoyed the game much more than I expected given some reviews. It was different, but good and well done. Wish the bonus stars had names or ANY idea how/why to get them. ISSUE: I had no idea you even had a new title (haven't time to follow social media,I just check the play store--found by accident). Unclear if/how this is part of Rusty Lake plot--all new people, except for 1 photo. Different town(?), refs to collecting memories (no cubes); animal headed people (dancing),etc. Still,I enjoyed it A piece of interactive art. The music and drawing style is pretty good. Everything else however is quite bad. Voice acting is emotionless and akward, to the point where it's kind of cringe. The plot makes no sense. Some ideas are hinted but nothing is explained, leaving the whole psychological aspect of the game to be a disappointment. After 7 days of eating, drinking, sleeping and playing mediocre puzzles, the game is over. There is a secret ending but it's underwhelming. This game is not worth money. Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhh-MAZING!!!! This is a fun puzzle game. No flaws. It even has a secret ending! 100% Recommended. If you get stuck with absolutely no hope, you can watch a walkthrough of the day on their website (link provided in the game) or, you can ask for hints on their discord server. This game is worth every penny. Such a good game Brilliant! Love it. Rusty lake allllways do it perfect. Definitely worth the money. This is my 5th game from them and I love their work! Nice game, but left feeling really empty and disappointed at the end. Didn't really feel like enough of a challenge and there wasn't enough of it. Rather strange. Fitting for china virus times. Mesmerizing and slightly disturbing, as always. There has obviously been effort put into this, such as the fluidity of the main character's walking animation, but for what? The interactions themselves are not good - I spent a few minutes working out how to start the game because I hadn't pulled down the bedsheet far enough, and twice I found myself 'stuck' because I hadn't drank enough. Every interaction is almost insulting, forcing you to perform trivial actions (like manually moving a character's eyes), and that's it - that's the whole game Nice game but doesn't worth the price So cool. Not at all what I was expecting. Hate to say that I am disappointed. However I will continue to play other games by the same creators as I loved them all which is why I was shocked and disappointed by this one. Sorry guys. Hate giving bad review but....... Don't bother, waste of 2.50 I really enjoyed this. It was a melancholy story largely about mental health which was strangely uplifting. I think it was anyway.... I played for the story more than the puzzles in the end. This has stuck with me even after completing it and not many games do that Fantastic It's not challenging, it's like for kids, game tells you what to do and you do it. Visuals are nice, thats all. Compered to other Rusty Lake games, this is their ugly, not so smart cousin. Great game as always Just a great game, have enjoyed all of the past games and will continue to enjoy any future creations always love playing rusty lake's games. but, it's kinda short :( Breathtakingly beautiful Amazing game. It is recommended to play it. While i am in love with Rusty Lake games, this one is more poetic but also requires less action and very short. I felt frustrated because of the price of it. I loved all the rusty lakes games from start to end and i hope this isnt the end of your games! I will be waiting for more of your games. I would recommend this game to all my friends:) Another rusty lake gem 👍👏👍👏👍👏 Kinda cool at first but I got super bored I had SO much fun playing through The White Door and having a look through the website. Lots of fun, even almost a year after the ARG went live. Excellent! Different then other rusty lake games but well done in my opinion! Keep making more! This game was greattt!! All the rusty lake games are but this one was my favorite. The wholesome ending made me tear up I've never been disappointed by any of the Rusty Lake games and this is no different. Beautiful game, well written story, and just challenging enough without being frustrating to be super enjoyable. To start, I've loved all of the Rusty Lake games, even the ones i have purchased. While this game adds a lot of interesting detail to the story line, its nothing like their past games... That being said, I personally do not think a free game by Rusty Lake should be more challenging/engaging than a paid version. I enjoyed the addition to the storyline, but overall disappointed. Everything you needed to know about that one guy from those two Cube Escape games. My least favorite Rusty lake gamr Fun puzzle. Rusty Lake has nice games with beautiful images. The puzzles can be solved. Very enjoyable. Personally, I wouldn't pay $4 to play as its a short play time as opposed to other RL games but I wouldn't mind $1 or $2 for it. Not as sinister as the others but definitely sadder. I found i could relate to and enjoy this one a bit more. The puzzles were challenging but not overly so to make you frustrated. Would definitely recommend this game. Sorry guys. It's their first REALLY BORING game. Please, this is not the game to spend money. All the rusty lake games are great. This is no exception. Stunning game. High quality. I'm on a Rusty Lake game spree and I'm giving them all my money!!! Great as usual! It's true that this one is not as creepy as the RL games, but it's definitely sadder. I loved it, enjoyed the puzzles and how the story fits into the RL universe. I also loved the design. Great fit into the RL game universe. Meh. The story feels disjointed. The puzzles are not very satisfying either. The only thing I like is the protagonist's voice acting. Won't even start. It's stuck on black screen. What a wonderful experience this game was! The puzzles were challenging at times, and the overall gameplay was alright. If you've played even one of Rusty Lakes games and found it enjoyable, I'm sure you will love this one too! This was a fun experience! I love the twists and the puzzles weren't terribly difficult but provided enough of a challenge to make you think outside the box. I want more! Great game I just wish it was longer. I absolutely love Rusty Lake games 👍 Not worth the money. Puzzles were easy. Story was dull. Not as good as the other rusty lake games. Wow.. just wow... This game is unbelievably amazing. It's genuinely so incredibly great. Thank you, this story was so interesting. - Edit: No need to thank me. Thanks to the team for making a great game. :) It was so touching. Amazing!! I love all of Rusty Lakes games but this by far is a fave!! Short point and click game, not much of a deep meaning, short story, meh... Excellent! Its so boring, Just pushing stuff around Emotional Interactive Story. The developers have a way of immersing you into the story with the music, artwork and narriation. You're not just watching the story, you become part of it. This is a wonderful theme and I applaud Rusty Lake for the beautiful way they presented Roberts experience. Interactive story with bits of puzzle. Short, intriguing but overly directive and repetitive. Fantastic. As a huge fan of RL games, this one caught me by surprise and the end made me tear up. Beautiful game!! I need more rusty lake games!! I couldn't download and I bought it. Please, fix it. I want to play it. Shorter and more linear than the other Rusty Lake games, The White Door is more like an interactive story than a puzzle game. I enjoyed it, but neither the plot nor the puzzles are as engaging as I would expect from a Rusty Lake game. This game blew my mind with the amount of connections between the stories told by the series! Marvelous job, Rusty Lake! Not a bad addition to the Cube Escape series, but, as it didn't say it was part of it, I was hoping it'd be a new series or a stand alone rather than another piece of the same puzzle. Played them all and can't wait for more Love the mechanism. I've played all Rusty Lake games and I think I love this one the most Not as cohesive or engaging as the other games. Mostly just moving stuff around. Very low on the ick factor as too! Nice for resting your brain, but I would not consider it challenging and some puzzles were nonsensical. The story line was weak, and I felt more like I was piddling around than solving a puzzle. Cool reactionary motions, but not your best work. Absolutely love Rusty Lake but did not get on with this one and uninstalled it without any real desire to finish. The usual addictiveness of other RL games was not there and It kinda feels like a work in progress. Maybe it is, I dont know. Absolutely amazing game Came across Rusty Lake by accident. I think I've played them all. Love the otherworldliness of them. Very Twin Peaks in all the right ways. Not rusty lake standards Amazing as always but a bit short :( still 5/5 by the way when are you planning to published the new one? Simply brilliant. A relatively gentle puzzle compared to the other rusty lake offerings. Perfect for covid lockdown time! I'd love to give more stars but I think there's a bug and I couldn't find a way to keep playing. I looked it up online and have seen a few comments of people with the same issue: on day 4 the doctor comes and goes but doesn't drop anything and even after entering the correct password in the computer it says error and nothing happens. Any ideas or fixing would be appreciated Fantastic game Beautiful graphics. Very relaxing and calming, while also being very rusty lake creepy. I really enjoyed this game! Very interesting and entertaining. Worth the few dollars it cost. I love the Rusty Lake games. This is no exception. I enjoyed the split screen. Such a good game. Not hard. But not easy. The whole series of these games are so good. I have now purchased and played all the games available from Rusty lake. I absolutely enjoyed every single one of them and will be checking back often for more 😊 Very sad but interesting game. I loved it! This was a really good game I am going to purchase more from rusty lake Need to make more like this!🖤 different from the usual rusty lake but i found it interesting :) One word, fantastic! Love all the Rusty Lake and cube escape games, but I don't understand what makes this one worth $2 when most of the other ones are free? The longer, more in depth ones like Paradise and Roots I understand paying for. But this took me less than an hour to complete and without having to think much. The numerous cube escape games were free and more fun/challenging, while this one was paid for and fairly boring. I Love rusty lake ❤️ best games ever! I love this game sm. Before it was officially out, it was already on my wishlist. it's really fun and challenging. Although, it is pretty short. I mean I understand it takes hard work to complete one game, but I think itd be better if it were longer. No other complaints! I love the designs, sounds, background story, it's just all put together nicely., I love games like this!! I loved this game all I wish is if there was more levels For such a minimalistic game, it was very atmospheric. It managed to tell a nice story that made me finish the game in one sitting. I loved it. Can't wait for what the devs come up with next. Great game!!! I'm happy to play your games! Please do more! i love all the rusty lake games, except for this one. it was way too easy and tedious, with no real puzzles. a huge disappointment and a waste of money. I have loved all of the Rusty Lake games and do not begrudge paying for this game. It was beautifully drawn but I felt that none of the puzzles were at all difficult, so it felt very much like going through the motions. The other games have been very tricky at times and you had to figure it out on your own, whereas here every puzzle was spelled out for you. Also, it wasn't as ominous and spooky. Good, but I was hoping for more. Like I say, loved every other game from Rusty Lake. Rusty Lake does it again. All their games are such beautiful experiences. Not my favorite game. But I do love how everything connects. This game was over quick. More interactive with controls but idk it just wasn't for me. On to the next Rusty Lake game. Hey guys! I love all the Rusty Lake games which I just finished playing through. I would like to lodge a small complaint however. I am colorblind and most of your games have at least one color based puzzle. And it sucks. It sucks so much. They ruin the mood of the game for me. These reduce me to guessing or on one occasion googling the answer. Please keep the many colorblind gamers in your thoughts for future projects! Loved it from start to finish! I've had the whole "Rusty Lake " series and they're all excellent with well told stories! Great interactive play, puzzles are gauged just about right, but they have a 'hint' or 'Walkthrough' feature if u need help. Had a great pace and I like how there a reminders of others in the series, and has replayability value. Well worth the money, can't wait for more of the same. Only game I've ever actually finished without cheating lol cracking job Devs ! Wher n how pls? Very different style but once you get the hang of it, it's awesome! Eh. I've loved all the previous Rusty Lake games but this one wasn't worth the $ IMO. Not too challenging and pretty short for the price. I absolutely love this!! Can't wait for more Rusty Lake games. My favorite series Absolutely great! Thank you All RL team! In best traditions of Rusty Lake, yet with a new twist. Challenge, story, entertainment, references to other games- enjoyed it all! The best part is that even after the game is done and solved, I can still enjoy it again and again doing different choices and discover new hidden things in search of stars, hidden level I played ALL games by RL and can't wait for a new release. Meanwhile I have 5 more stars to find and hope it will keep me intrigued. I loved almost all rusty laked games. This one is nothing like the others. No real head breaking puzzle. this game does not worth the cost. By the others you'll have more fun. I've played all the Rusty Lake games, this was the last one and it's the only one that the ending kinda made me want to cry. In a goodish way. Also loved all the easter eggs from the other games. They're all so consistent, they're literally connected. It would be amazing if you could make tiny movies for all of them like for Paradox. I mean, maybe skip that one Albert scene in Roots. Has the Rusty Lake clever weirdness I've been craving. Short but sweet. More, please! Loved it! Love how it references the Rusty Lake stories. Great puzzles. Quiet game, very interesting. Too short. Was fair other rusty lake games much better. Just sad its the last one. The "Sarah" level? Then yes if different level then no. Weird But cool I love anything of rusty lake One of the bests! Rusty Lake is always awesome. I love rusty lake games but this wasn't their best. To be honest I wouldn't say it's worth the price, unfortunately Rusty Lake is always weird. Join with us. Open the White Door. Sometimes the game controls are slightly wonky but other than that this is one of their best games! Amazing game. Oh, wow! So good! Loved it!! Amazing! And WHY did i wanna cry at the end??? Beautiful story 💜 Worst RL game EVER! I can't believe I had to pay for this. No challenge. Boring puzzles. No dark horror and bizarre stuff all rusty lake fans love. Storyline boooring. You don't connect with the character at all... I am so disappointed. :( Addictive! Short but fun Fantastic Game, if you like Rusty Lake games this is for you. Engaging and fun. Exceptional in all ways. Discovered these games a year ago and have been obsessed ever since A bit more rusty lakeish than roots. Such a clever story line and a beautiful overall experience. Thank you. As always, an entertaining game from Rusty Lake! This is really cool with complicated riddles but possible to solve even without hints. Big fun. And dual screen is cool. Not for challenging gameplay. Great to relax and occasionally be mildly creeped out. Not entirely worth the price. Brilliant game. Just wish it was a little longer I never regret purchasing anything from Rusty Lake. When you finish a game its like you just watched an awesome movie and cant stop thinking about it. Cant wait to see whats next. I loved this puzzle game! It was hard but not so difficult I couldn't figure it out after trying hard. It was really enjoyable. This story line never ceases to amaze me 🤗 love it! This game is fantastic, absolutely loved it. Please do more games. I'd really give it 3 and a half starts but it's not an option and I like the other games so much I rounded up. This is less you figuring out what to do and more performing actions that are narrated. Still enjoyable but not very challenging. Great game!👌 I can't get enough of these games. I'm so addicted, I'm a fan for life and will pay whatever I can to continue to play them. Well worth it!! I enjoyed the game, but the ending was confusing and unsatisfying. I didn't realise that it was part of a series and I wonder if I would have understood it more if I was familiar with them. Another great puzzle game story from the amazing Rusty Lake Team. Can't wait for more!! Would usually rate 5/5 stars but this one was not as good as the others in my opinion. Still worth the money and still a great play! I liked it but it was way too short I just love these games. Atmospheric and intriguing Addictive. Finished in one night. Loved this game please make another 1 Like all Rusty Lake games, this is one of a kind. I love the overall feel of their puzzle games, but the interactiveness of this one takes it to a whole new level. You guys are wonderful, thank you for blessing this world with your creativity. ❤️ Great game easy compared to other in same series. Story is touching and likely based on the life of David Copperfield and his magic bedsheet. I love how this beautiful game relates to the main Cube Escape series and yet it manages to be unique and original. Can't get enough of Rusty Lake and now Second Maze! You rock :D Amazing game from Rusty Lake, can't wait for the new one!!! Great Game The first time i played, i wasn't as impressed. But when i played a second time, and really followed the story, i realized...it's my second favorite Rusty Lake game, _maybe_ even tied for first with Paradox. Great story, makes a lot of cool connections. Simply brilliant ❤ As always , very good, not mind-blowing like others rusty lake series they make they best games ever. so much thought is put into making them and the story line is actually intriguing. Hello Rusty Lake team. Thank you for another wonderful game. I think I have played all in the series now. I like the variation on the usual games with the story telling. It retained enough flavour of the usual games but with a distinct change in pace with the storytelling. As some other reviews have said, no this game was not as challenging as other games at all however it was the first time I was able to easily make it throw the game without referring to a walkthrough. Very unique game. I, like many others, have already done some of the free Rusty Lake games, but this absolutely was worth the money. A very particular mood takes over me when I play these games. I thank the entire team who creates these. So creative and refreshing. Challenging and great addition to the story line of the Cube Escape and Rusty Lake Series. Each game leaves me wanting more! Love the graphics too. Will likely purchase package on Steam when flash player is no longer available Dec 2020. Bring back memories of playing classics like Graham Clueley's Humbug and The Locked Door. Awesome 👍 Simply amazing as always Your games are always the most satisfying! You've outdone yourself again! Will be getting the next one too. Can't wait! Brilliant game, can't wait for more to come out! Love how they are all connected in some strange way. Definitely the best games. I've played pretty much all the rusty lake games and brought this one and was quite disappointed with the level of puzzles and engagement in this one, especially after I was a huge fan of the rest of them. This was dissapointing. Con also it cost to play. Beautiful thoughtful game! Enjoyed it. Looking forward to the next one. Love your games! This is hands down the best puzzle game I've played. The storyline for your games is 💋👌 I love how you tied this together. Bravo my dudes. I hope you can eventually make a large scale game at some point. You guys have so much potential. Right up there with Fran Bow if not better. Beautiful thought provoking game What a rusty lakexperience, but i feel its just too short, it takes less than one day to finish this game Moving, challenging, and satisfying. If you want an entirely new feeling from tapping away at your device, just go through The White Door. very confusing but good for the mind, i loved it honestly Very good but not worth £3. As other reviews has said it is a bit easy and i thought the ending was a bit sudden, it is still a 5 star game, but if i was to compare to the other rusty lake games (I have played them all) the paid games are normally much longer and more interesting. I feel like this could have a follow up of the guy discovering the murder. *chef's kiss* Absolutely beautiful game, the story actually made me emotional Loved it. Perfect balance with difficulty and a great story. All Rusty Lake games crash on my phone now. Awesome games but I've tried several times to get support for purchases and nothing. Maybe a one star review will get their attention. Vision, sounds, story, levels.... Lov it Great game wish it didnt end...rusty lake continually hit the mood and style of there games out the park and this is easily as good as any. I only had to check a guide for one puzzle and took me about 3 hrs but was well spent and thoroughly enjoyed it. Another great game from Rusty Lake I really enjoyed the game. I loved seeing how it tied into the other games. I really hope there are more to come! I've played them all already lol 🥴🤗 Short but Zen like puzzle game from the fine folks at rusty lake The story is great. However, too heavy on routine and the puzzles were not very challenging. Very exciting! Love your guys' work! While enjoyable and entertaining to play, I have to say that this game did not seem challenging enough as compared to other Rusty Lake Games. I expected more and was actually surprised when the ending credits began to scroll. I love the other Rusty Lake games and I am fascinated at the thought and design that developers put into them. Genious! They are, without doubt, the best at what they do. For this reason, I feel a bit guilty about giving a less than 5 star review. The entire Rusty Lake series of games is great. I stumbled upon them by accident and definitely got sucked in! I love it It took me a good 2 hours to finish, I haven't even noticed as I was so into the game. Very well done game Beautiful, fascinating game. I've been a fan of Rusty Lake for years; this game is full of the thoughtful symbolism, fun puzzles, unique art, and great story line typical of Rusty Lake. Every game feels like a labyrinthine meditation. As always, well done! Really good game! I love the story. Only thing I dislike are the controls for the "hand puzzles". Sometimes when I'd try to move a finger it would move the entire hand. Overall that doesn't make a big difference. This is a great minimalistic puzzle game Definitely different than the rest of the Rusty Lake games: fewer and easier puzzles but I didn’t find that to be the point of this game. I found it to be in the same vein as Florence -- a “game” that’s really more a story. It was beautiful. Definitely worth a try but think of it more as a tv show than a game. Love rusty lake games and have all of them, but this one was by far not a same level as the others. It was almost like a follow a recipe instead of puzzles. Gameplay is ok, story is good, just the puzzling part that could be a lot beter. Trippy Little Game! Loved It! It's not bad, but it's not the best by Rusty Lake. It alternates between gameplay screens and cut-scene storyline screens where for some reason you have to push the story along by moving the characters, such as "he opened his eyes" and you have to manually open his eyes, which I find rather silly. The puzzles are easier than in other Rusty Lake games, some a bit tedious. The only one I found enjoyable and intellectually stimulating was the "hacker" puzzle where you find the personal passwords of the employees. What frustrated me was that controlling the game was a bit glichy, unlike the other RL games I have played, in that for example I try to open a cupboard and only the right side opens easily. After many attempts at the left side I become unsure whether the left side is supposed to opepn at all, so I leave it and then that holds me back in advancing in the game because it finally turns out that opening the left side not only was possible but was essential. The other minor frustration was that the English was poor in a few segments of the game. Maybe pay a native speaker to correct the English? Bizarre and Beautiful Not my cup of tea. Looks great, seems fun, but the music cuts of right after I open the app. I love all the Rusty Lakes games. This is a pretty good addition. I can't say it is my favorite, but I liked it well enough. When I saw that a new Rusty Lake game was coming out, I was overjoyed! Upon seeing the app icon with it's simple and minimalistic design, I knew I was in for something different. I've just finished the game, and as usual, the developers did not disappoint. I am floored by this game. The gameplay was engaging, and entertaining the whole way through. The storyline is such a twist from the other Rusty Lake games but they pulled it off flawlessly. I will not soon forget this amazing game! Very odd, i like it! 🙃 Awesome. I have so many questions. short and sweet One of my favourites in the Rustry Lake universe. I have now played everything that they have to offer, so hoping there will be more soon. I enjoyed it. More like it please! I especially like the games within the game. I never leave reviews but this time, I just had to say something. This game is fantastic. I've played a lot of the other Rusty Lake games and have loved them all. This one, however, must be my favourite. The storyline captivates you and the puzzles are just the right level of difficulty and fun to solve. I actually got emotional toward the end of this game, as I found I could relate to the character and seeing colour return brought a smile to my face. Overall a simple but very entertaining game. Is the Star achievement ending still going to happen? Im so excited for more Rusty Lake! It was such a brilliant ending to the cube escape stories! I'd love to see and play more games by this company!!! Your doing great guys😊 Superb! Lovely. Rusty Lake never ceases to amaze. A very moving and captivating story of romance and mystery. Very good game. Nice pace. Puzzles are just the right amont quantity and difficulty. Heavy a$$ game. Egnore the haters. If you are a fan of Rusty Lake, you will most often then not love this game. Engaging in SO many ways. Tactile, emotional and thought provoking. Loved it! The save states are tops and controls are top knotch. Love love love. Many thanks team. Fantastic Game...Superb Ending...Rusty Lake games are so very entertaining... it's very different from the usual rusty lake games which are all 5* in my opinion. this game was less challenging, extremely less short and 100% not worth the purchase. it was mostly story and the game telling u what actions to do. it had alot of potential but didn't make use of or live up to expectations. if you're thinking about it I'd probably avoid. Not bad, had fun playing this it was light not too complicated the story was nice it kept me going and wanting answer with every chapter, overall nice game if u want something fast. Ps.i freaking love ur games ❤. I played all of Rusty Lake's games, both paid and free ones. In my opinion, this one is somewhat subpar compared to the others which were amazing I loved this one! My only complaint is that it was unusually short for a paid one. Usually the paid Rusty Lake apps tend to be much longer. As you would expect from Rusty Lake this is a great game. A real class act. I think this game was great! I love specific aspects of the game such as the use of colour to tell the story as well as the use of the split screen to focus on specific item you click. I also like the correlation made between this game and one of the cube escape games (the bar scene). It give you that light bulb moment when you recognize the familiar scene from playing the previous games. I just love the graphic, the sounds, music. Very meditative, adorable puzzles and tasks. Good narrative. Thank you. You don't have to fully understand the plot to enjoy this game. Beautiful, Rusty Lake. Love all this series and this game gave a different style from the other rusty lake games! Loved it! I really love your games guys! The controls for this one are different then in the previous games but equally good. The story is amazing as always. Thank you! Like some people just said, I've to agree with them. Every single one of your games are better than this one. Better not becuz it has different presentation, not becuz it has weak puzzles, but just because the game is to be honest too plain* for a paid game. I know about the stars, but there isn't enough motivation for player to do them. I like the different feeling to it and how it touches the story of the franchise. But again, this game is no better than any other free games you guys had made. Not on the same level as rusty lake games if that's what you're looking for. This is point and click with no puzzles. Depressed dude is just telling a story. Another fun Rusty lake connection. Makes me want more loved the different puzzles. Games are cool and smooth. But maybe rusty lakes should experiment with stories that are more comprehendable. Cuz the stories are starting to seem too foggy and random to make meaning out of. It always revolves about the dark man, the cube, murder and the past. The story is becoming repetitive. Excellent Stop going on about the puzzles being easy, I'd say it was intentional assuming Mr. Hill's minor but a noteworthy role among all the other characters. The bigger the event in the franchise, the more convoluted the puzzles are. I loved every "day" of this game. Game looks different from the other ones made by Rusty Lake. It's less challenging puzzle-wise and story didn't touch me. Also there are some glitches (e.g. walking over the bed in day 5) that are really noticeable due to overall simplistic visual style. Did not think it could ever happen, but this is the first Rusty Lake game I have played that I did not enjoy (I have played all the others except for RL Theatre). Did not mind the change in design but felt it really lacked in depth, humour, story, interesting characters and strangeness that the other games have in abundance. I quite like the split screen, but don't love it as it can be a bit difficult on a mobile phone screen. What an incredible experience! Thank you ❤ Beautiful haunting story with great visuals I'm a fan of Rusty Lake games, but this one wasn't for me. No story, no graphics and a bit short. Love the Rusty Lake games, but this one fell a little flat for me. I appreciate the desire to create a more cohesive narrative, but not if it's in lieu of engaging or challenging puzzles. Not quite my cup of tea this time around, unfortunately. A great game overall, especially for fans of Rusty Lake/Cube Escape games. The puzzles could have been a little more challenging. Another awesome game by these brilliant people! Not too hard, just right! Cant wait for the next one! Easily one of my favorite puzzle games. The story telling and connection to their other games is done so well and I adore it. Plus, it's just weird, in a pleasant way. Well done Can't put it down! Thought provoking, story-driven game combining elements and puzzles from all the best puzzle adventure sub-genres. Storytelling is front and centre whilst puzzles take a backseat but they are challenging enough, when combined with the desire to progress the story, to remain interesting. As always rusty lake games nails it! Awesome gameplay unlike any other game. Nice work I was nervous about purchasing this one as it is rated lower than all the other rusty lake games. Game play and storywise, this one might be my favorite though. The artwork is very different, so it feels like something different--maybe that's why it's less popular. It took me about 3 hours to get through the first time. The puzzles were very logical, and I didnt need any hints (some rusty lake puzzles seem annoyingly arbitrary and contrived). Loved it. Strangely uplifting. Not unsettling like the other rusty lake games. Fantastic as always. A new, unique approach to storytelling and "escape the room" mechanics. The Rusty Lake saga continues to be a rich source for compelling entertainment. Brilliant For the whole series. Awesome. What am I doing with my life? Rusty lake ganes on google play are the BEST escape games ever! wortr evey penny! Such an amazing game, so beautiful and interesting. I love all of Rusty Lake's games but this is by far my favorite. Worth every penny I swear. It is a bit different than the other Rusty Lake games but I actually liked the change after playing all the others. 100% recommend♥️ I really feel like I'm being torn in the middle here. On one hand, I loved the previous games of rusty lake, and same as always the storyline was wonderful and intriguing. Especially as a computer engineer myself I can only imagine the amount of work and effort put into this magical, graphically well designed game On the other hand, I feel It was too expansive to how short it was, and as well as other mentioned here, I do too think it was mostly a story rather than a game A bit disappointed 👉👈 Love this games Fun half step away from the usual Rusty Lake style. The game was pretty short especially since half of it is just the story telling you what to do. The puzzles were good and didn't need wakthroughs. Wouldnt mind seeing other games in this style. Though, the usual big screen with an inverntory is still my favorite. Oh my God. I binge-played all of the Rusty Lake games in a week, and this was such a perfect ending to all of them! Maartin and Robin did such an incredible job creating these games. It got to the point that I would get goosebumps every time I saw the corrupted soul - fear, anxiety? Even if you play them out of order [which I'm almost certain I did], they do a fantastic job of bringing everything together and having so many "a-ha!" moments in each one. I can't wait until the next one. Phenomenal! Another great game by the rusty lake team! Love every single game can't wait for more! An absolute amazing game, Rusty Lake never messes up. The only sad thing is the price, it should be at the most a dollar. But money aside, it's an amazing game A phenomenal follow up to the Rusty Lake puzzle games, White Door focuses more on storytelling. Can't wait to see if there is more. Love Rusty Lake Games, but $4 for this short game is a little too much. I found it tedious due to the slow moving and uninteresting tasks and stories. Sorry, I wanted to lile it It gave me a headache. This is the first game I've played of this kind and once you understand the concept it's brilliant will definitely be trying another one fantastic Very beautiful game. Brilliant! (As always) Rusty Lake never disappoints. Packed with intriguing puzzles and mysteries, I couldn't put it down once I'd started. Thank you :) Entertaining Puzzles, Confusing Story. I really enjoy solving everything in the rusty lake games but I have a hard time following what the overarching story is! Loved it! I'm not sure what the ending was about though. Huge fan of Rusty Lake. This was a bit different but still great. I don't agree with some of the reviews the game is short, it took me quite some time to finish just as the other games. I found the story telling innovative and immersive, refreshingly different from the other rusty games. So thanks again and please keep on exploring and creating new brilliant games! Worst Rusty Lake game to date. The story was uncompelling, the puzzles were simplistic, and the flow kept getting interrupted by having to mime out the text in the dream sequences. Every time I had to move an object to advance the dialogue, I felt like the game was treating me as a toddler. Love your work, but please don't do more like this one. Nothing like the other Rusty Lake games. Beautifully crafted. I just love a game with a story and a soul (even if it's a dark soul). I love Rusty Lake games and the story they've built the puzzles around. Creepy. But cool. Such an unique experience. I enjoyed this game very much. Thank you for your hard work and your creativity. Exquisite! Another absolutely incredible game by Rusty Lake. Any lovers of these games will find this up to their usual gold standard. 10/10 Fantasticly done Bought this game for 4$ for there to be 6 days Cool and mysterious game Great game, as always I bought the game but for some reason it wont let me install it, what is wrong with it?! Always the best.. I hope they have room for me in the psych ward Great interactive story! Loved it, and has me hooked for more games in the future. Excellent game Not too difficult. Intriguing, melancholy story. Like all Rusty Lake games enjoyable however, I would not charge for the game as completed in under 2hours. I just don't feel there is enough gameplay time to justify having to purchase. One of the best games I have ever played. Eerily sad and sweet at the same time, easy to play without being boring: the puzzles never make lose track of the story. And the story is fascinating. VERY mild spoilers ahead... There are some "jumpy" moments that may be considered borderline horror, but if you look at them for what they really are (the shadow's grin/scream, the girl's blackened eyes) they are more sad and moving than scary... Challenging and keeps your interest. What an absolutely beautiful game. The story is heartbreaking and made me cry honestly. Wow. Unfortunately this new rusty lake game is much less interesting than the others. it's more an interactive story than a game in fact. There are no challenging puzzles and the plot is a bit tired. I love this. I played rusty lake series, so i tried this. This is not the smae style as cube escapes but give the same vibe(my opinion). Im looking forward games like this. Unlike any game I've played before! I've played many games in the Rusty Lake realm and there level of detailed graphics and well developed characters and slow burning plots go beyond most point and click games I've seen. It incorporates the macabre metaphysics I've read in detective fiction and the nuisance and richness of something found in the Lynchian universe. Suffice it to say I live it and love it! I love rusty lake games. They are engrossing, mind grabbing, and somehow drags you into the stories. I have played every one of them and glad to see another one. Yet now done with this one. Waiting for another.....and another....and another. You guy's are the best out there. Thank you for making a worthy game. Skål Great storyline and atmosphere, make sure you leave sound on. A little easy by normal Rusty Lake standards, so doesn't take all that long to complete. amazing as usual!! It's the best Rusty lake game I've ever played! It had a sad ending. I hope they make more Well written story. Great puzzles! I LOVE all the rusty lake games. I have purchased all of the ones that cost money. This one, however, was pretty disappointing. It was extremely easy and very short. I just bought the game last night and played maybe 30 mins last night and then another hour this morning and I was already done. This should be one of their free games with how quick and easy it was Amazing game with unique, fantastic artwork. Truly original story line which digs so much deeper than most games out there. Very nice game like every Rusty Lake games they're one of a kind i love it! The gameplay is not that acurate but the story and puzzles are excellent! Would recommand after playing them all before :) Awesome game makes you think a lot. A delightful little game! Worth every penny. I'm really enjoying the Rusty Lake series, and wasn't sure about the collaboration. This is every bit as good. I bought and installed this via a link to the Google Store page from the Samsara app. However I can not find it anywhere on my device. It seems rather sketchy to me. Way too short. Nice game but I was expecting something longer (like some of Rusty Lake games) Awesome !! This game connects with the saga history I saw some of the ratings that made it seem like this was not even close to the typical rusty lake games we have grown accustomed to. If you like the regular rusty lake and dont care for this one I cant imagine why. The mechanics and concept are a brilliant take on the style of game and add so many great dimensions. I was blown away once again by this incredible dev. I selfishly just want so much more from them. I very much enjoyed playing through this game it kept me busy and focusing on the storyline. The puzzles are nicely challenging.very interesting perspective from the main character. I nearly didn't buy this game,as I had seen reviews saying it was not as good as the other Rusty Lake games,but having played them all I didn't want to miss out. I was not disappointed,it was absolutely engrossing,I loved it! Different in format,but nonetheless a brilliant piece of work! Can't wait for the next one,creative and fascinating,thankyou Rusty Lake. Words go.too slow. Otherwise great Really fun. Lovely animation and story. Pretty dark as to be expected from Rusty Lake haha Decent but not their best. A lot of the game is spent with tedious actions. Example: "I closed my eyes."-swipe down to close character's eyes. A lot of that kind of stuff. Short but really well done. I've very much enjoyed procrastinating inside all the rusty lake games. No exception here. Pure beauty Very interesting way of playing! I've played all of the free games and decided to pay for this one and let me tell you, it was worth it! :) Very interesting. I played all the games in this series one after another...and this one is the most beautiful one Love the puzzles and the simplicity and message of it all Very good story it was good. Love it Love all the rusty lake games! Can't wait for more. Weird but wonderful, as usual I love this game but the screen keeps going white and I can't do anything :( Very enjoyable tale. Creative format and good pacing. The puzzles were fresh and challenging enough to keep me thinking. My only nit is that sometimes swiping things gets stuck and I'd have to try multiple times to trigger the animation completion. Other than that, very much recommended! This was a really interesting game, definitely a bit philosophical and definitely emotional. I really enjoyed this. excellent game as always!! cant wait for another to come out !!!! rusty lake are the best games! Stressful, bring back my money I love love LOVE these games. These guys are spectacular. Not quite the same as the other Rusty Lake games, but a nice change nonetheless. Boring and tedious. I can't believe Rusty Lake could release such a poor game. Instead of figuring out what to do it just gives you instructions and you need to follow. It does the pointing all you do is click where it tells you. I should demand a refund but Rusty Lake has given us so many great free games in the past. The Rusty Lake games are always good. Love you guys! Keep it up! Your games are number one in fun and I'd say otherwise if it were so. A strange and poetic little game that feels like if Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind were directed by David Lynch. Amazing game!! I'm disapointed with this game. I think the puzzles were easy and boring. In addition, I didn't like the idea of controling all the movements of characters. Fantastic as usual Very interesting but not very long and not much of a puzzle but I love the rusty lake series Edit: OH Never mind. The game is much bigger than you think. Hint*** Call the number on the card free of charge!!! I love the Rusty Lake games, but this one was not very challenging and for $3.49, I expected to play longer...more than an hour. Still a great addition to the RL universe, but not worth the price. This game is my favorite of all of the Rusty Lake games. I love the interactive movement of elements , the story line with its spiritual message, the design layout and use of black and white to color. I feel connected to the main character because his experience is relatable. Well done RL and thank you! I love the rusty lake series and played each game several times. I saw all tge negative reviews which is why i feel its important to put my own two words. This is another fantastic game. The three other premium games also had a different game mechanics. I also admit that the puzzles are very easy compared to what you guys made us used to. But truly, I have no complaints about this game. Here, take my five stars. It's a good game again from the Rusty Lake people. Not as challenging as the previous ones in the cube escape or Rusty Lake series but nonetheless entertaining. Still got me stucked on day 6. Actually played this right after Samsara (which I also recommend) and I now feel like going back to play again some cube. Cheers Oh my goodness! Rusty Lake has gone above and beyond on this little gem. I thought Paradox did that but nooo my friends, The White Door takes the cake. I have played and paid for every single Cube Escape, Rusty Lake game and i can't tell you enough how much i have enjoyed every single one of them. Don't listen to the negative reviews. There is so so much more that is hidden that you can find if you try. Please Try, it will be worth your while!! 👏 Ho giocato a tutti i giochi di rusty lake, sia gratis che a pagamento e non sono rimasta mai delusa. Ma questo... Che dire 3 euro buttati. Mi dispiace dirlo perché sono un'appassionata della saga. L'ho trovato così noioso che non l'ho neanche finito... È ripetitivo, gli enigmi sono in pratica inesistenti. Sono davvero dispiaciuta e se potessi chiederei il rimborso. Ad ogni modo come stile rimane ben fatto, ma questo non basta. Ho sempre votato 5 stelle... Ma questa volta è proprio un no. Almost as addictive as crack This is an interesting addition to the Rusty Lake universe, with yet more colour cast onto some familiar themes and characters. For a first time player I don't know if I would have patiently played through each day, but trusting the creators I played on. The puzzles are very simple but tie in to the story in a satisfying way, and it's nice to interact with the animations in order for the tale to progress. I felt the same way playing this as I did Samsara Room. The concept is good but ultimately goes nowhere. I don't think it's fair to push weakly established world building as an artistic choice. The puzzles are just okay, again. Es muy bueno, vale totalmente la pena, lo único que podria faltarle es que la dificultad está por debajo de lo acostumbrado a los demás juegos Damn good and strange as all of rusty lakes games Pandemic APPROVED ♥️ Brilliant. A really cool story driven semi-escape room. Definitely worth playing if you're into that sorta thing. Not like the other Rusty Lake or cube games. Pretty lame. Amazing Rusty Lake game as usual!! Thank you!! Loved it 💕 I purchased and played every Rusty Lake game there is, and this one was entertaining and creative. The puzzles, albeit challenging, are much easier than previous games. Graphics are the usual minimalist style, and audio is okay but not innovative. Story is vague and not complex. Game lacks the anticipated creepiness Rusty Lake is famous for and is their real differentiator in a very competitive gaming market. Please go back to your old lovable creepy style which why we buy your games. Surely my favorite game series on mobile Really like these games from Rusty Lake. Very immersive and not too hard. Brilliant as ever, love these rusty lake games and we need more, only issue is that it's quite short and especially when you have to pay for this one Too short for the price... Maybe it was too easy, since i have played all of the other rusty lake games, but i am still dissappointed. Love every single Rusty Lake game including the White Door. I purchased the game without any hesitation and did not regret at all. The game is amazing as usual. it was ok. But not as good as the cube series. Brilliant game! Rusty Lake games are so refreshing. I can't recommend all of them enough, including The White Door. White Door can be linked with Case 23 in which Dale took Rob's memory! Rusty Lake never stops giving me surprises! 💕💕 Another hit from Rusty Lake. Different this time, with much more (hidden) achievements to be found. So, so good. Please keep making these, I love them. This was a good level of difficulty. Really immersive and beautifully done. ❤️ The game is in the tradition of rusty lake series. Waiting for more if this kind. Well. That was odd So much love for this game series!!! I could not stop playing this series. I love escape room themed games and this one is by far THE BEST series I could ever ask for. The eerie story lures you in and leaves you wanting to solve the mysteries of Rusty Lake. Really enjoyed the game it was quite short and left you with questions. This was.......amazing I've never felt so focused on a game so long it was a real weird experience but an amazing game Absorbing, Thankyou Loved it..... I love the rusty lake games. But this is not your best. It was too monotonous. I was not intrigued. Also had a lot of trouble with anything I had to slide to the right. I absolutely love Rusty Lake. After I stumbled on one of the Cube escape games, I played all of them as quickly as I could. Naturally, I was thrilled when I realized this game was by Rusty Lake. I am disappointed, though, especially for a paid game. Maybe it was so easy because I'm super familiar with their games, but I genuinely expected it to last longer than an hour & to be more challenging. I like supporting this company, but I hope to see more games like the old ones in the future. Wow.. loved it ..kudos to rusty lake.. I've played all of the games by this developer and they are all great. The story lines are creepy and the tasks are fun without being overly complicated. Get this game, you won't be disappointed. Exceptional game, like all others by Rusty Lake. It's a pity it's so short... Brilliant! I have already played this more times than the Playboy I found in dad's duffel. Dull. Most of the gametime was spent walking around, moving things and hitting speech bubbles, not actual puzzle-solving. The puzzles were rather low-brow, too. Love the Rusty Lake games, but this one was exceptional. Fantastic beautiful game Stunning game i ever seen, is make sense now the whole story really so perfect and so reference form another Rusty Lake game. Hte Theater, and First Seriest Rusty Lake. OMG!!! A differing feel to the normal rusty lake but still an enjoyable experience which gives yet more insight into the story. I would personally prefer a return to the normal style but can see why the developers would want a change and i'd be happy with any additional episodes One of the lesser Rusty Lake games, but still fun This game is so heart warming. I actually cried at the end😭. I really recommend this game for somebody who likes a good cry Good game play, intriguing story, another wonderful game from Rusty Lake I love every game. This one was no exception. So fun. Interactive and challenging. This is really one of the most lovely games I've played. A bit sad and yet full of love and hope. Get it! Fantastic, what an ending Didnt quite like it, but did enjoy it. It's a pricey and short game too Ok for now. Some graphics issues but I hope to get them solved soon. Will update once I finish it. Puzzle ???😯, 😨When did he kill , OR have the time to kill his Girlfriend at that MOTEL! And why did Mr. Owl stole her body, and want with her body💀💀💀... They never dissappoint!! I've played them all. Not one falls short. Keep them coming guys!!! Much different feel than the other installments. Interesting and enjoyable none the less. A little depressing story though. Regardless of that, it was very well done. Keep em coming! Game is very short and super easy for the price. Honestly was expecting alot more since the release took so long. Not my favorite. If you like Rusty Lake games, youll love this. More of the same and is great. Its a bit too short and the story is a bit disappointing but the atmosphere, the games, the humour are all spot on. I normally love Rusty Lake games for their excellent design but this is disappointingly short and not many puzzles Underwhelming Super Love this game. Good and challenging. Just how I like it. Wonderful. A touching, poignant game that transports you away for an all-too-brief journey. I paid 4 bucks for such a short game. I'm a Rusty Lake fan, but this kinda sucked lol I waited for this!? Lol should have been longer. This was the most easiest one Every Rusty Lake is like an awakening. Powerful games. Highly recommended. Not my favourite by Rusty Lake but interesting nonetheless. Sometimes felt like I could be missing something because the plot was too straightforward. I'm used to secrets and tiny details you could easily miss. A great addition to a series I already loved! I love your games I'm just disappointed on how short it was. Was done in less then 5 hours total. Fun. Challenging. Difficult to put down Love it, please more games! Have played all! Really enjoyed this "point and click" adventure. Best game I've ever played along with the other cube escapes from these makers (Rusty Lake). Amazing, highly recommend, try not to cheat ;) amazing, as anticipated from Rusty Lake. A unique and beautiful game, Rusty Lake never fails to deliver stunning games such as this one. I usually love Rusty Lake's games. Unfortunately this one was v. disappointing compared with their usual high standards. Weak plot, very straightforward puzzles, very short. Could've been a little harder, but interesting as always. I was just really disappointed. I know this is meant to be a story told through the game, but this isn't so much a game as a digital pop-up book! Everything was on rails - the only option, ever, was to follow the instructions. I know many reviews compare this game to the other ones created by these devs, but I don't think that is quite fair. The puzzles in this game are less difficult, but provide a way to interact with the storyline, which is what I liked about it. If you play a lot of puzzle games, as I do, think of this is a more relaxing way to keep your mind occupied. I'd buy a sequel if there was one. Shame on Rusty Lake. Asked for refund after 10min. It's just copied images from RL series And pointless tapping and rubbing the screen. No challenge at all. The game leaves kind of a cliffhanger. But I love the atmosphere and the effort that is put into the games.★ The style and the music are so well fitting and the story is just addicting (if you played through the others as well) Love all the Rusty Lake games and this is no exception. WOW!! As per usual... 👍 Stellar story, good gameplay, wonderful art and flow. All around, some of my favorite phone based puzzle games. You have to complete if you've done the other rusty lake games...good job. Great game - as expected from these producers It was cool. Unique. Many layers of past memories...... Absolutely amazing. I loved to story line and the new mechanics of the game. Great work! Don't get me wrong, it's a good game but it is not in the same league as their others. I found it was too short and not as challenging as the previous rusty lake games. I was left a little bit disappointed when I found I had completed it. BUT, I love these games so much I'm willing to forgive it. I'm looking forward to the next game now... It's ok, but disappointing after their other games The easiest game in the series still great! A nice relaxing game with lovely artwork. Beautiful game. Finished quickly, and not difficult but enjoyed it Wow... that was awesome. I love all rusty lake games! These games never disappoint. I'm always looking forward to the next. Once again, this series brings me joy and puzzles and great game play. Beautiful job Devs! I am a big fan of Rusty Lake and Cube Escape, and I believe this is a wonderful addition to the series. I got stuck a little bit on some of the puzzles but had tons of fun playing! Amazing game that expands the Rusty Lake saga. Rather simple in comparison to some of their escape puzzles but never dull. I don't think it's worth the price though for how short it can be - so 3 stars for value. I have loved Rusty Lake and the games since I was a kid on my computer and they just get better. Never boring, always intriguing and definitely worth whatever price! Loved everything about it, please keep making those amazing masterpieces. Rusty lake games are some of the most beautifully mysterious things I have ever seen. Yes! Please tell me this means there will be more coming! Beautiful. This game is perfect in every form, intriguing story line, addictive gameplay. 5 stars all around. This is a fairly simple game. Not very long. It did have some interesting puzzles. I'm just not sure it was worth paying for. Not as good as the previous series. Really disappointed with how easy it was and with the game play. It was also very short. I have played all the Rusty Lake games now and enjoyed them all. White Door is slightly different to the others but there is still an overlap of characters and themes which is great. Can't wait to see what they bring out next. Good but so short! I want more Different from their other games, but still REALLY good! It offered an amazing insight into the "other side" of what is happening in some of their previously released games. 10/10 totally recommend! I love all of the Rusty Lake games. Glad to see a cool collaboration with a different feel and some familiar characters. Great job guys! Classic Rusty Lake Quality Loved the game. Challenging, but not to the point of searching for walkthrough. I LOVE rusty lakes but this game came up a little short, super easy puzzles coupled with a short story killed it. I miss the the errie feel aswell it was pretty cheesy compared to the others. Cryptic yet stimulating Was pretty unique game I would love to see a longer game Loved it. You guys really make some of the best mobile gaming around. All of your games are always interesting, and wildly creative. I initially thought this wasn't as hard as the others, but then I realized how many stars I was missing. Hope to see more from you soon. Excellent. Keep it up guys. Gamers you will not be disappointed. The Whole Rusty Lake series is absolutely brilliant. I do not mind paying for the games at all. There was one that showed how the game was made with real characters, so I could see how much went into how it was created... brilliant again. I just wish there were more! Thank you Rusty lake! It's a one hour game. Pretty straight forward, no puzzles to solve and a trivial story. It's absolutely not worthy, don't spend the money. Very nice But please add more sidestories The storylline in this game is amazing Capitolo strepitoso della saga Rusty Lake. Diverso dal solito e forse si un po' breve ma vale tantissimo la pena giocarlo Played all Rusty Lake games and I love the twisted nature of them, the puzzles make you think but at the same time are doable and it's an enjoyable couple of hours of fun. Looking forward to the next one ! Fantastic game. Well done Rusty Lake! Perfect, as usual This game is too short and too easy to be considered premium game. The graphics and atmosphere of the game are very nice and the story compelling. Gameplay is fine. Point and click without any bugs on my device. Amazing as usual. Can't wait for more. Very, very fun, excellent story! This game was more of an interactive story, it was not challenging at all, but still an interesting experience. I prefer the other Rusty Lake games, but this is one creative studio that cares about it's craft. Don't expect a longer game just because it's paid, it's only a couple hours. Great Game, Great Story Game is really fun but seems a bit short for the price. Like the concept though Awesome game!! It was ok Liked the cube escapes more. Unique gameplay. One of its kind. Great story. As a newcomer to the series I must admit I really enjoyed this game. Even though I'm sure I missed some references, the story is quite self explanatory (although tending to surrealism occasionally). Unfolded in several days, the first ones work as an introduction to the mechanics and characters, while the rest shed more and more light on what has happened to our main character. The difficulty of the puzzles progressively increases but it never feels too hard, making overall a great experience. That was good not as good as the others, but also too short Entertaining storyline, but too much storyline, not enough puzzles. Very nice but a bit short! Amazing game style, interactive and unique, I can't wait for more or similar games. I'm such a fan of all of them. Keep doing a great and creative job! Nice to get to know some of the side characters in the Rusty Lake games. Good game I loved the extra chapter at the end. I loved this game's design! The split view panels made interacting with the world very intuitive and were utilized in some pretty clever ways. The achievements were required to round out the whole playing experience and really finish the game, so I recommend really working through them all. Great game, def worth the price if you really play through the whole thing (it's so freaking cheap though I'm not sure why other reviews even mention it). Can't wait for more games from this team! Tiene muchos problemas con el control, y algunas situaciones no tienen mucho sentido, sin embargo la historia es muy intrigante So, this game was different. It was challenging in parts and easy in others. I do think it's on theme with the other rusty lake games, even if it is much shorter. Not quite as visually stimulating, but that's kind of the point. It's depression in game form. I enjoyed it. I would recommend it. I'm a big fan of these weird little games. Personally, I found this one slightly easier to follow than some of the past ones. I didn't have to resort to any hints. Not one! Although I'm not 100% sure if that's a comment on my ability or the structure of the game, I definitely found this one easier to follow, whilst still being a nice little challenge. Well done, devs - keep 'em coming! Having played all the other Rusty Lake games I found this one a bit underwhelming. The others were fantastic. This is the first one of theirs I've paid for so was expecting much better. The minimalistic line drawings used for the majority of the game felt like lazyness throughout, and most of the puzzles were super easy. There's large parts that don't feel like a game at all but an animated story you have to prod to proceed. Another amazing Rustly lake experience. Immersive as usual, self referring as usual, and yet totally different but still disturbing. Great story line, and the split indoor/outdoor scenes is really entertaining. Thanks team! Amazing as always. This is a stand out, such a good concept. I would happily buy your games every week I am consistently surprised, delighted, (and frustrated in a good way), by rusty lake-the artistry, storytelling that loops back on itself, sheer creativity and ingenuity of the games. I cant play other games. I dont mind that its shorter, love new format. And dude complaining about cost, really? Less than a movie or coffee and 3x more interesting. These artists/programmers should be paid well for consistent high quality and all that goes into conceptualizing and building them. Well done. Awesome, as ever. Another great addition to the Rusty Lake series. While I didn't like having to resort to outside-game means to access the hidden content it was still good. Shorter and a little less challenging than the previous games. I just wish the overall series story moved forward instead of constantly going further back. Kinda feels like an ending hasn't been planned and they're just winging it at this point. Different, but I loved it. 5 out of 5. Story, puzzles, graphics, awesome. It was a good game but way too easy. I really like others rusty lake games with some hard puzzles and enigmas but this new game wasn't difficult at all however I like the 2 screen way of playing this game and like always you guys did an awesome job on graphics and story. Wooow Very cool! Wish there were more! Too short. Needs more puzzles like the other games. Okish. Well done for trying something different. I imagine it's hard changing from a tried and trusted pattern. Rusty Lake are by far my favourite games but I didn't enjoy this one for the reasons mentioned in other reviews. You had set a very high benchmark. Keep up the good work! Beautiful Good game Awesome. Please develop more. AMAZING!! I love you, Rusty Lake, and I want to have your babies. This was the most unique and interactive game I've ever experienced! I loved it!!!! Please make a part 2....and 3..... 4.. etc Another wonderful gem from Rusty Lake. This is a hard puzzle game, although it's very cool! Don't know why the game is most underrated Rusty Lake game. Yes the game is too short for the price but it was a refreshing new entry. Inspite of new approach it never felt like it was not a Rusty Lake game. Please try to add more rooms in next game as it was little boring to be in single room so many days. Please make more games in this format. Absolutely brilliant game, thoroughly enjoyable. Not as good as other Rusty Lake games. Although there were some interesting aspects (being allowed to interact with the text that was displaying on the screen), I found the controls to be somewhat clunky. And the storyline was not as good as other Rusty Lake games. It was annoying when you would be asked to drive something off the screen and you did and there was a huge paws for it to actually register that it was off the screen for you could move forward in the game. I would still buy it. Great as always! Love it. Just need more please Rusty Lake & The Room lead the field with escape games. This is another brilliant offering. The usual peculiar and macarbre Rusty Lake story line. I didn't find it too short, as another reviewer suggested. It kept me happy for an hour or so a day over about 3 days. It's not very expensive for that. Please make more. Awesome Good game, but too short. Love Rusty Lake! Thanks for making another great game in this series. So quirky and weird and cool artwork. Love the puzzles too. I don't mind paying and supporting your craft & talent since all the others were free!!-For those who are complaining of paying the price of a happymeal 🙄 Once again another fantastic game yes it's a little shorter than some of the others but it's still worth the cash as you can make different choices each time you play. I absolutely recommend all their games. Really good, the gameplay is what its worth, so fun and didnt realize i played for +4 hours A spin-off of sorts from the excellent Rusty Lake series of pointy-click-escape games. The puzzles and general gameplay aren't maybe as challenging as those of the main series but it absolutely retains the wonderfully macabre dreamlike atmosphere which is one of their main selling points. It brings a cleaner version of their aesthetic to the party plus satisfyingly kinetic interactions that really sold the entire thing. There's also apparently a secret level which shades into ARG territory in that it apparently required people to phone a real phone line then hack apart a website and dig up actual stuff in locations all over the real world. Obviously I can't be bothered getting into that but I love the dedication required to set it all up (and to enjoy the main game you don't even need to know it all exists). All in all a joy to play and good to see the studio experiment while also keeping up their usual quality level. Great game. Not quite up to par with the rest of the rusty lake games, but it was worth 4 stars at least. Can't wait for more! Interesting...but short. I thought it was an interesting game with a few ideas I hadn't seen before in other games of this genre. The graphics are quirky and the style of the game is quite dark and hypnotic. My only gripe was it way too short, especially as it's not free. Felt almost like a demo rather than a full game. Should've been set over a month rather than the 7 days. It's better than the vast majority of point and click games on here, but you'd have to say it's pretty disappointing for Rusty Lake, since all their games have been such consistently high quality. Its got to get a bit dull being in essentially the same room for the whole game. I've bought all the rusty lake games, I was so excited for this one to come out, and unfortunately this one didn't leave me as pleased as the other ones. It was too short for what I paid for and the story line wasn't as good as the other rusty lake ones. I wouldve refunded this game but I can no longer do that since I've refunded this game once when I had issues with the payment. I disagree with most people who say that the game is too easy. I thought it was a perfectly adequate level of challenge. I would give this 4.5 stars if I could, but I'm docking just a little bit because at the end of the game I'm not really sure why we needed to receive this bit of storytelling from this corner of the Rusty lake universe. Like, our main character is tangentially related to the overall case, but I don't really see how his story is going to factor into the overalll. The graphics were great, and like always, the almost impending sense of loss is still there. Iymt was a really good game but 4$ for it its not worth it. I conpleted it in 2 days omg........ yall need to stop waiting so long...... lol....... sry jus hooked Nice A masterpiece like every other rusty lake game. I loved it, but at the end of every game I keep realizing I just know less about the plot and... idk.. i spent money on this.. I would have liked at least some answers. Found problem. Not a fail but still not up to usual standard I finished the game but it wasn't because the story and gameplay were amazing. I liked the other rusty Lake games but this one is missing something for me. Much less about the puzzles than the story, but the story wasn't all that interesting. It's also quite short compared to the other games, maybe 2-2.5 hrs at the most. The Rusty Lake games are few of the games I'll gladly pay for. I love the style, the story and the experience. The White Door was such a nice experience! Brilliant. I wasn't expecting anything like the previous Rusty Lake games but what I got was a different style game in the Rusty Lake aesthetic. It traded the overt creepiness that the cube series games have for a more covert, insidious creepiness that speaks volumes about mental health. It's a slower, more relaxed pace, and easier level of gameplay than what I'm used to out of this studio which was fine since it's so story driven. I'm glad Bob made it out alive. Can't wait to buy the next one. Awesome but not long enough :( Um.. that's it? I got done way too quick and thought that there was going to be more to it... I liked all the other games what's with this one I just didn't get it.. move the arm or cup etc.. 🤦‍♀️ Very interesting and unexpected Are bugged Rusty lake games are a weird and addictive series to play. If you are a fan, you can find a lot of references to the other games: Mr Crow, the Lady of the Lake, the moon scene of Rusty Lake Seasons, the gun scene of Rusty Lake theatre... It was very enjoyable, I highly higly recommend it! I don't usual leave reviews but I've decided to here. this was really good - challenging without being too difficult, and easy to pick up for a few minutes here and there. I like the design and the concept I loved all of the other rusty lake games but this one just didn't work for me. I base my ratings on how much enjoyment i get from a game, this one just fell short of the mark. It lacked the problem/ puzzle solving element of previous games and was way to short for the price. Good luck with your next game. These developers are incredible, the graphics and controls are exactly what they need to be, and the puzzles are challenging and smart. Sometimes infuriatingly so. But it's always worth it to figure out! I have played all of the Rusty Lake games and I was thrilled to see this title pop up in my game store. I will always pay good money for your brilliance, Rusty Lake dev team! I love you! Nothing much to say. The game is fairly easy compared to the others that has been involved in the story. Although, i prefer it to be more like, the cave or something. But still,this is good. Probably lower the price,then its suit. A bit like playing simon says... still wanna support the developers though It's not bad. But not like Rusty Lake's other game.. Beautiful game as always from the Rusty Lake series. Story incomprehensible as always too. Loved the puzzles. Finished it in one sitting. I love rusty lake games. This is a little different to the others but still amazing. The games are so clever. Bring on the next one. Beautiful game as usual Wow soo deep I loved it! Beautiful game. I recommend playing the entire Rusty Lake series before this one. And I really do recommend all of them. I always love rusty lake's stories, this was no exception, looking forward for the next entry in the series! Wow...rusty lakes best work yet...very story driven, a bit low on puzzles...but definitely one of the creepiest games....going in the right direction rusty lake...looking forward to more of your works Great game with a great story Excellent game. Unique gameplay. Unique story. Its good so far! Sick game.. Very disappointed in this one. Too short and simplistic. Not worth the money. Really enjoyed the game I have enjoyed every one of the Rusty lake games except this one. I found it to be extremely repetitive. I was so excited about a new Rusty lake game, I had no problem paying $3.50 for it. How disappointing. If your creators have run out of ideas, perhaps it's time for new creators! I bought it as soon as i got my first paycheck haha. Excellent game, even if it is not what we used to play from Rusty Lake i can clearly say outstanding work and thank you fine sirs and madams! Excellent game as always, it might not be a usual style of the other rusty lake games but I appreciate the developers for trying something different and it worked fantastically. Interesting story, puzzles are somewhat easy but it keeps the story of the game flowing so it doesn't really matter. Overall, great game as always! every time i play a rusty lake game i have to go back and play all the other ones. this one adds a very grounded and real vibe to the surrealism i look for from rusty lake and i love it Too short, lacked mystery. Rusty Lake is usually brillant for posing perplexing puzzles in a totally odd environment. Though I appreciated the narrative approach, I really wanted a reason to stay with it and uncover more mystery with context. Good try, but more substance and content would have been great. And a bit too much walking around to get through a level checking numbers and names, etc. Like a chore, rather than a funky quest. Very peculiar game I love this game!! It can be kinda scary at times (witch i like) and it's pretty easy. Very disappointing game. I am a die hard Rusty Lake fan. They all had difficult and interesting puzzles, great stories, and all tie into one larger lore that I just eat up. White Door just falls short. It's good but when you compare it to Roots or Paradise (their other paid for titles) it is lackluster. That being said it is a good game! I loooove the duel screen aspect, the all white, and the style of gameplay. I would buy this game again. I only hope to see more from Rusty Lake. A different kind of movement and experience but really slow, next to no puzzles and more of a story telling game than the old rusty lake style. Much prefer the old ones but it's good the devs are trying new things. Yeah, the swiping in the story sequences is kind of pointless. The puzzles were hit and miss. It lacked the classic weirdness of previous games. Also this app keeps updating each day. The same 97MB update. What's up with that? Awesome surprise! The Rusty Lake games are my absolute favorite in the Play store. I had no idea this game had been released. I was so excited when I stumbled on it! A completely new take on the series, while keeping with the same storyline. Did not disappoint! Loved it! I want a refund Love this game! It has a smooth look and play style and it reminds me of a comic book. I loved all the tie ins to previous Rusty Lake games. I thought the price was very fair for what you get. Can't wait for the next game! My game break when i try to put the code in day 4.Afterthat my game is going crazyyyyy. It glitch out!!! I hope you fix it. I really do. 3 star only Super disappointed! Quite pricey for such a short game and no where near as complex as all the other rusty lakes. I enjoyed racking my brain with the other ones but this one was too simple. And not sombre enough! Only bit that made me happy was in the club when we saw some of the familiar characters. I see what you guys are trying to achieve but not for me. Hope the next one goes back to the old style. Love rusty lake games and how twisted and bizzare they are, this one has lots of familiar things from the rest of the games, however this game I felt was very short and far far to easy to an extent it told you what to do all the way so a little bit of a let down, the split screen idea I'm not fond of and not sure what or why it was needed other than be a little different. I will however look forward to your next release and will continue supporting these as they are all wonderful games This game is so much fun! First true miss from rusty lake... Really boring, doing over and over the same things. Puzzles seemed to be there so that they can vaguely justify it as being "a game". Certainly not worth the price. Very disappointed. Edit: finally finished it. This was a joke of a game, I'm really pissed to have waited for this... I loved your games so far. So far. Edit: thanks for the refund. Completely disappointed my expectations. The mazes are designed for a 7-year old. I am sorry for Rusty Lake too come up with such a disaster. Ahhh! This was so fun ❤ even though I'm a hardcore puzzle fan, and found this easy, I loved the story it told and how it ties in to the timeline. Was going to put 4 stars because.. well, the puzzles, but after completing the Basement... absolutely brilliant. Can't wait for more! Not as clever as it thinks it is Really enjoyed it , although a bit tricky in places Another Brill game from rusty lake! I always look forward to the next one! Overall a big disappointment, way too simplistic especially comparing it to the other rusty lake games. Don't waste your money. Rather replay the previous ones Another excellent game from the makers of Rusty Lake. I really enjoyed it. Please make more, faster!! Another gem by Rusty lake. Thank you. Just a really fun game Rusty Lake games....there are none better! Just wish it was a little longer. Still a fantastic experience. Typical rusty lake style but not very taxing! Expecting a bit more for my money but I do love the rusty lake persona and themes. Would still like to see more but would also expect more... I am happy to support this game 🥰 This game is both padded and somewhat tedious in its gameplay. Its story is ok, but not as good as most of the Rusty Lake and Cube Escape games. The game is low on good puzzles and doesn't have items you can pick up. The gameplay ends up being mostly about finding information or carrying out pointless interactions. The story is held back by how it's paced out and how much sequences that are basically cutscenes force you to interact with them in ways that add nothing to the experience. Excellent news game. They did a great job of bringing the other Rusty Lake games into this one. Puzzles are challenging.. Pay attention to all the details. Especially in the backgrounds of the scenes. Great job as usual Rusty Lake team! Great concept but navigation can be confusing. Finished game in one day though Sublime Not the rusty lake game I expected but indeed very sweet Great games as usual from the rusty lake team! This was a good game. Some puzzles challenging. I love all rusty lake games. I love Rusty Lake games and it's great you're trying something new. I have to admit, however, I was disappointed by how easy the puzzles were and how little gameplay there was compared to the usual offerings. Brilliant, the best yet I am a fan of Rusty Lake games, was really looking forward to the new one. It has a , smart and dark feeling of a "classic rusty lake" series, but the new style was bit repetitive, puzzles simple and too minimalistic. Smart, though lacking some challenges during the main game, although achievements are quite tricky. The game is entertaining, great story and the connections to the other games. Loved the alternative ending. Great game to pass time!! Longest I've spent on any game. As usual, great game! Love the fact you guys did an ARG on this but I sadly didn't get a chance to experience it. However, that was something really cool that I don't see a lot of people do.For the game, I'd say the story was a bit dull. The dreams didn't really make sense unless you did the achievements and personally, I'd say achievements are supposed to give you some Easter eggs and maybe reference to your other games. Overall, great game and really worth the money. This game is very different from the previous Rusty Lake series. Not much puzzle solving, but more like a visual novel. Even the puzzle solving is very straightforward and not much thinking is required. I finished the game within 1 hour, easily. (Of course, will take some time to collect all the secrets). What I like about this game - story, especially the romantic story of our pitiful Laura. What I don't like this game - puzzles are not challenging enough. Overall speaking - mixed review. It is less exciting than the classical games of Rusty Lake, but overall, better than average games of its type. This game was disappointing to me. I downloaded every single Rusty lake's game and they were all worth paying the money. But this one wasn't. Quiet short and too story-oriented and story is not even interesting. Interesting, but definitely my least favorite Rusty Lake app yet. It was worth the $2, but probably not any more than that. I expected more from rusty lake. Even though it was supposed to be a visual novel the story was far too short and shallow. The gameplay was fine but repetitive. I'm sad to say that the hype they created wasn't worth it. I think it's turned me into a nutcase! Not as good as the Cube Escape Series. Amazing like all Rusty Lake games! The story was great, and as thats the most interesting part of this series I was glad it got so much attention. I was initially disappointed by the lack of puzzles, they made up a very small part of this game instead of how they're usually the main focus, but the ARG was so inventive and amazing fun that it more than made up for it. It's a cool, different game while keeping the rusty lake feel! Not as good as the others. Expected more story🤔 EDIT: Originally rated it 2 stars. But after some digging, I've been on a certain related website for a few hours now! :p Good you rusty lake! Too short of a game for the price. I LOVE Rusty Lake games, but this one was the shortest of all for me. I do like the narrative of this one and how it connects all the other games together. I think this one is way more interactive then the rest, but it could feel that way because everything is in one place. I kind of am disappointed at how short it was. Especially for the price. I can see why, since it was translated into multiple languages, but the other games are longer and some are free. Great game that can be done all at once or in small chunks. Some puzzle elements were challenging but not overly so. The only issue I had was some slight difficulty when using touch movements although this might be my average phone rather than the game. Really great. Thanks for making! I love all the rusty lake games and series. They have amazing creepy and cant get enough story lines! The new format of game play and simpleness of click and point wasnt even worth it with such a disappointing story line! It starts with great potential ... returning characters.. tie ins with previous games .. you think maybe we can start to piece together more of the story whilst leaving us with even more questions as always .. but no. It ends on a massive anti climax leaving you disappointed Well game Original and thought provoking. I like the interactive play, it reminds me a bit of the game The Silent Age. Congrats for the different style and combining it with familiar RL characters. I appreciate the detail and quality of work, artistry and story. I still have Achievements to find, but as Bob's mental health was left with a ? I'd like more of his story, maybe less stars? PS-Have now got all stars and completed The Escape. ARG is new to me (an oldie), it's great! Thx for this unusual game 😘 I like the new style of game play. Needs to be more challenging puzzles and what not. Yeah it's a bit short for the price but these folks deserve it. Keep it up! I did enjoyed every part of the game The best. Oh man, this made me really happy. The story is amazing. The only problem was a small bug on the secret ending, when I was about to play, the screen on the left stayed pitch black and I had to reset the ending twice before it started working again. Other than that simple problem I had, everything else was amazing. Thank you for all of your hard work! Another awesome and totally trippy game by the Rusty Lake creators. Outstanding job with this one, very different from the other games but still retains the cube escape/rusty lake atmosphere and feel! And the recent ARG experience was wonderfully set up and executed! Again, outstanding job! How do I play the basement update? Gilsss Rusty lake never ceases to amaze me. Thank you for all of your beautiful games! Perfect blend of creepy, tricky and alluring Like every game to take place in this carefully crafted universe, The White Door is full of mind-teasing puzzles and mystery. I have yet to be disappointed by a Rusty Lake game, and this one indeed holds to that incredible standard of excellence. If you like a little bit of creepy and a whole lot of mysterious, this is for you. WoooooW Loved this so much! It is like the other games, he puzzles were fun, I enjoyed it and recommend it Really disappointed I love all the other rusty lake games but this was the easiest, it still has the same feel but its watered down and just not as good as the others. Maybe my new favourite Rusty Lake game? The story telling is beautiful and captivating. A great addition to the Rusty Lake story! Edit: the ARG really made the White Door that much more great! It was really cool to take part in. Excited to see what's next! Great game just like the rest of Rust Lake cube games. Only shorter. Would like more to it. But I loved it. Wowzers! :) Nice one, has some things from other rusty lake & cube escape games which makes it a bit repetitive and dull to hardcore fans but just for story. The gameplay is great for an adventure/puzzle mobile game. 👌 Love love love this game! Can't wait for more!!! I am a fan of Rusty Lake. Love all the games. But I regret buying this one. Didn't like it at all. This one is full of references to other games. Noting else... For the price you pay i thought it was kind of short.. and kind of easy.. But loved the new style and i'll always love rusty lake💕 I am really amazed by the efforts that you have done to make this game ... I would give it more than 5 stars if I could .. amazing A few days ago when I finished this I rated it a 3/5. But now, after experiencing the insane ARG and overall gaining a larger appreciation for the game, it is by far a 5/5. Well worked gameplay, amazing story and a brilliant ARG. Many theories getting made about this just now. Thank you Rusty Lake! Overall 5/5 I love Rusty Lake games. All of them. The universe is great, the games are produced with an immense love for detail. And the puzzles really challenge one's mind. I must admit, at first I was skeptical about The White Door but it was brilliant! Too bad I managed to solve the clues for 2 cities and couldn't get to either of them in time. Loved the idea of real world clues. Please hide one in Austria next time! Bedankt voor het leuke spel 🥰 looking forward to the next one. Excellent work! Amazing as always Disappointed. I'm a huge fan of Rusty Lake and highly recommend any of their other games but this one was a big miss for me. It was boring and the puzzles we're overly simplistic. Actually I would have given it only 2 stars for game play but I like the story and the developer. Loved it. Very different than their usually but still amazing. After today I was I could give more than five stars! No spoilers, but you guys went above and beyond! Great game, love almost everything about it! A lot of people have been saying that it's too expensive for what you get, but a lot of effort was put into the game and in my opinion, it shows. I absolutely love the story and all the connections to other Rusty Lake games that are put in, especially in the achievements. I think the controls are a little buggy at times but it doesn't bother me too much. My only issue is that I can't access the basement (which is available now, on the 22nd). Probably one of the weakest entries in the series. Felt like the game was treating me like a baby when the challenges were just to "drag my finger up and down in a certain pattern" for a majority of the game. They weren't actually any strong 'puzzles' which is what made the other games so fun. This game was more of an interactive storybook. Honest, weakest of the games from the studio. Wonderful game again! Thank you so much for this! Love the Rusty Lake Games! Excellent story/puzzle game 💕 I really like the dual screen style of this one. Another great rusty lake game! Everything was really good like usual but the game was a bit on the shorter side. Memory test used to work but after the update, the memory test is stuck (day6) Love it! 🤩 Thank you for the update! Different from typical rusty lake games, but leaves just as many questions hanging. Intriguing storyline and connections to other games! Im a huge Rusty Lake fan. I rate 5 stars on all the other games. First time I rate a 3. Very different from other games. Felt like there was no challenge at all. Looking forward to more games 😀 Seemed a little lame compared to previous games by Rusty Lake developers. Didn't require much thought and was relatively easy to finish in short order. Not as intuitive as the usual Rusty Lake games but it's kinda a stand alone episode of the series and I love its surreal concept. I saw the secret ending and now I'm crying so hard Rusty Lake never disappoints I really liked this game until it ended so quickly and unexpectedly. No need for walkthrough help, and fast enough that I was done in three 1-hour sessions. Disappointing on both fronts, especially in comparison to other Rusty Lake products. On the plus side, I like the concept and the layout - something new and different from Rusty Lake. I was eagerly anticipating this, forgiving the last-minute delay as I thought it would be worth the extended wait. Can't say it was. WOW. This game is simply amazing. Great game as always The game was fun but way tooooo short 😥 when are you gonna make another?????????? Disappointing compared to most of the others, but still hope they make more. I see that there are many people disappointed in this new game style, however, I absolutely love the new vibe. I have been a huge rusty lake fan for a while now and I get that this is a little different but I love the more narative based gameplay. And eventhough I learned to like rusty lake for the eerie, creepy aspects of the previous games, I like this lighter take on a story as well. You guys deserve a huge pat on the back. I really think you've got a gem here! Game play boring and not worth paying for when I finished it in 2 hours. It does not measure up to the paid Rusty Lake games and should be moved to the free section of RL. Love it, I'm a huge fan of the Rusty Lake series. Great game play too! Thanks Second Maze! Rusty lake games are so whimsical magical and full of mystery. I have been waiting a very long time for a new addition to Rusty lake. However the white door was anticlimax . Do the creators of this game the white door realize they failed the fans of Rusty lake? You guys start a new project. Loyal Rusty lake fans will pay top dollar for a good game . Trust me do the work and reap the rewards. The white door sucked. The storyline was all over the place and the puzzles were ridiculous. Too easy. Phenomenal and IMO best addition to the rusty lake series Kept me wanting more! A very different experience I could not stop playing it, downloaed like a few weeks ago on my phone, I could not put it down :) Well done Second Maze, I really love Rusty Lake games, but took a huge break, this one just reeled me in with Bob Hill :) I've played them all previous Rusty Lake game. LOVED them all!! I was greatly disappointed playing The White Door...it was severely lacking. There was no creepiness or eeriness that I've come to expect from playing their games. There was no challenge. I beat the game in less than an hour. Didn't even bother to try to get all the stars achievements. I feel like this game need more story cause it's too simple for paid game. I love memory training, but just after he lost his soul, I think you should explore more on his past or anything, so it doesn't end up confusing. This is a great game - like Rusty Lake but different - puzzles are very interesting and a whole new take on graphics - recommended! Interesting concept but nowhere near as captivating as the previous Rusty Lake games. I know the devs worked hard but the game is too short and too easy, which makes the game not worth the money. Sorry... love the new rusty lake game! I love Rusty Lake I am a huge fan of rusty lake and I love your work! Some ofthe games are just masterpieces like "the cave" and "the paradox" loved every second so I don't regret buying this game just to support rusty lake. I get trying something new but this game was missing the difficulty and the crazy typical randomness. Game felt repetitive when following all the written actions. Hope the next games will be different and come back to thw original style. Nonetheless thank you. Such a great spin off type game, shorter than expected but a decent price for the usual great quality, interesting story, and different gameplay. Some big reveals for fans and bigger still should you go for achievements, no spoilers. Love the series and this is quite the nice addition, while still familiar its not the usual though every iteration brings something different to the table this was more so, not like the point n click of the rest but not to unlike them either. Support These Devs! I have problem i pay for the game then i tryed to install on my other device with SAME acount and it says to pay AGAIN please help EDIT:thank u soo much for helping me I played through the entire game and still had the option for a refund. I really should take the option. This was a massive let down. I have played through every game in the escape saga, including all the premiums, I mean, this game style is legit. very fun, but it took me barely an hour to complete it. I guess I just do not know how to feel about it, cool game? yes. Worth 3.50?? I dunno ... I wont take the refund, I like this developer and enjoy supporting a game, but, honestly it lacked. Loved it, looking forward to the next one as always. Confusion This game is an amazing immersive experience that reminds of What Remains of Edith Finch. The storytelling is perfect and surreal at times, pace is just right, and puzzles are entertaining and don't get in the way of the story. Amazing experience. Wonderful! This game is moving, disturbing, meaningful and interesting all at once. This game brought me so deep in to the story and there's time when we can feel like nostalgia to the previous game make game more interesting. The story is so great but the puzzle game combine with room escape and hidden object kind of game are well made and really interesting A great atmospheric puzzle game with engaging gameplay and intriguing story Appreciate the effort, but it's too short and simple. High expectations and it didn't hit the mark. I definitely agree with some of the other reviews in that the puzzles are not as challenging as those in other Rusty Lake games. However, the story is interesting (despite being somewhat repetitive) and keeps you thinking after you finish the game. Getting the stars in each level adds to the fun and exposes more of the story as well. Would recommend to other Rusty Lake fans! Another masterpiece I love rusty lake games and this was a great creepy story. I found the game too simple and not enough content for a paid game. I always get stuck on a puzzle and never happened in this game. You basically control a puppet through a story. I originally rated 2 🌟 but seller on only 1. As a consumer, if I knew this was a playable story versus the unbelievably unique adventure puzzle games Rusty Lake is known for, I would not have purchased this app. It has 7 levels which is just not worth what they're charging. I can see that a lot of work has gone into this (hence the 2 stars rather than 1) but it wasn't for me I'm afraid. To be honest, I would barely class it as a game but I think that's what the developers were aiming for. I'm not one for 'visual novels' so i just found it incredibly dull. I probably won't try another Second Maze game but will continue to purchase Rusty Lake games as they're great. The game is quite interesting since I've played all of the parts before but I wish it was a bit longer because I finished it in less than an hour. Needs to be LONGER. Love the Rusty Lake! Ready for the next one😊 Thoroughly enjoyed playing this game. Definitely starts off a little slow. But it definitely picks up and starts getting kind of trippy and weird towards the end. Not a particularly long game. But very enjoyable. wouldn't quite call it scary. But definitely a little creepy and intense at points. I'm only giving this a 3 star rating in respect to other Rusty Lake games. This is still a great game, but honestly, it was just too easy. The Cave and Seasons were the perfect Rusty Lake games because they were complex and difficult, but this one just seemed different. I enjoyed some puzzles, like answering the nurse's questions with help from the box, but the computer puzzles were kind of boring. Overall, good game, but definitely lacking compared to other Rusty Lake games. compared to the previous games not good at all The most amazing game ever. Just two questions 1. Is there multiple endings 2. Will u have more like this game It's not a game. It's an interactive book. Very disappointing. Wasn't what I expected. Awesome awesome awesome, I enjoyed it ❤ Looks cool. Haven't played yet. I just stopped by to take advantage of the opportunity to show some support for the rusty lake crew. loved this installation of rusty lake. the options to play scenes again and find the stars extended the game play. narrative and split screen engrossing. Not worth rusty lake money A great story by the rusty lake team as always Best games on Google Play! Great game! I love Rusty Lake. Great collaboration. I like how this game is more interactive. I like how it ties in to the Rusty Lake story. Excellent thanks for this masterpiece However it is a bit short, I wondered why the delay for such short story I've played every Rusty Lake game (I think) and finished this a few moments ago, wonderfully eerie, deeply surreal and as strange as it is beautiful. So rare to find a game that treats you like a grown up! Thanks for another installment in the RL series and I hope there's more to follow! (the only problem I have is that, even though I think I get the story, I think maybe I don't and lose it a bit.) Great game as always from Rusty Lake. I *really* enjoyed the "follow the command" kind of interaction. Puzzles were just tough enough to make you think without making you pissed. Always fantastic soundtrack on the edge of creepy at some points. A real testament that perfect 3D rendering or super vivid animation DOESN'T make a game. Story & gameplay do. 5/5 in every way. I've been waiting for this game to come out for awhile now and its definitely worth the wait! Everything about it is perfect and wouldn't be disappointed if you've ever played any of the rusty lake, cube escape games. Its definitely different from how they usually make the games which is great! To me it's really more about the story and and less of the actual puzzle solving. I loved the story that came to this and I loved looking for the stars in each chapter! Not impressed. Rusty lake has done better Shorter than the other games in this series but still very enjoyable. Not sure it would appeal to someone that hasn't played the other Rusty Lake games as part of the appeal for me was the characters and the history. Very nice but not puzzling enough The best 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 Short, but sweet. No challenging tasks, all the riddles were solvable in one go, there was no challenge whatsoever comparef to the other cube escape games.... The story makes it worth playing though, especially if you enjoyed the previous parts. Its innovative. I enjoyed the game and the change in style interaction-wise, but I think it was too short, especially given the length of some of the other rusty lake games and the price. An excellent addition to the Rusty Lake series. The game has a different twist but it is fun seeing familiar characters and images from previous titles, I highly recommend this game and would encourage those not familiar with Rusty Lake to play their other titles. I will be replaying this to look for the rest of the achievements, I really loved this one! Loved the style and the story. I'm quite sad I've finished all the games now, hopefully there will be more soon! Addition to previous (hope it's still visible to creators). I'm in 2 minds. As a stand alone escape game it'd be rather boring. But being a fan I like the narrative and the ambience. This game is dependant on the series, hard to appreciate on its own, it's for fans only. Unlike the older ones, this one is not a “wow!” game, it's about meditation, drifting by than facing challenges. I've gone thru some levels even twice. Can't say I love it. But certainly trapped, it doesn't let me go. Its differant then the other rusty lake games but its a realy cool concept and ads alot to the story Magnificent as always! Great point and click / puzzle game An interesting evolution. A bit too easy compared to past games. what a meaningful game！ I was looking forward to this for so long, however it failed on so many levels, in the past, the levels were designed to get you thinking, instead it felt like I was playing a game for a school child. Disappointed is not the word. Value for money. Impressive plot. Pretty cheerful ending. I love the concept of two columns in the scene. Looking forward to more games from second maze. PHENOMENAL. BEST RUSTY LAKE GAME BY FAR. 💙💙💙💙💙 Its beautiful althoughe i didn't understand any thing This game is not worth the money. You pay 3.32$ for a game you can finish in 15m, playing normally. If you are interested in the game there are walkthrough videos all over the web, I repeat it is not worth your money, I paid for it and I regret it. To enjoy this game you need a special state of mind that not many people have. Edit note: OK, 15 to complete it once, not to achieve everything that you can I was so hyped for this game, because i usually love the rusty lake games. I played though all of the cube escape ones, and also bought hotel, and nearly all of them are better than the white door. I really enjoyed the story, but that's basically it. No hard riddles, buggy interactions, archievements that you rather get coincidentely than by thinking. I more felt like an interactive story game than a riddle game, I miss the feeling of being proud of myself for cracking another hard game. 3/5 Original, fun, entertaining as usual! Love all Rusty Lake games Good game. But maybe it would be better if it was harder and longer. I completed it in 2 days. Disappointing does not even begin to describe this. I understand that they wanted to create more of a narrative but this is beyond boring compared to the other games. I feel like I'm playing a something intended for toddlers. Honestly, not worth the money. Me ha encantado A esperar el siguiente This game was not only well written but also very creative! I really liked the end too! Not your usual Rusty Lake game. Against that standard, at least at a puzzle level, it was perhaps not quite as engrossing. But the game sucked me in and I enjoyed completing it. Now to go and look for the stars! A very rare miss from Rusty lake. Like many fans, I've played through all their games and love the continuation of mini story arcs. The issue I had with this was just the complete lack of challenge. I've enjoyed "walking" games like Firewatch but this didn't capture me in the same way. The storyline is too bizarre to work with the jarring of mini puzzles that aren't puzzling. Sorry guys, I know you put a lot of hard work in to this, and the dual screen concept is great, but it needs a challenge! It's not as good as the other games Games is basically good, but far far too short. The normal Rusty Lake games keep me going for about 3 weeks, thus one 5 days. Disappointing especially that we've waited so long for it. You can do better than this guys. Loved this game so much, like I have all the other Rusty Lake games. Beautiful art, beautiful music and loved the style of gameplay. So imaginative. Another triumph. :-) Can't wait for more! Beautiful and interesting gameplay. I absolutely love the visuals and it really brings a new calmness to gaming. Plus I've never wanted to have Donuts more in my life. Loved it! Just wish it was a bit longer. I wanted to keep playing...atmosphere galore. The developers are so talented and any risk they took in the different approach paid off hugely. Really enjoyed this new addition to the Rusty Lake series. Not as difficult to solve as other games in the series but always a real treat to explore the creativity of the of their world. Love how interactive the game was and the story line is always great This is the best game I have ever played. It's because there are suprises and terrifying but puzzling moments in the game. Thank you for making this wonderful game. I hope you make more games like this. This game is worth every cent I spent on it. Love it! I hope you guys come out with more. :) it's a very unique puzzle game! ♡♡ I love the whole rusty lake series, and this game delivered the same experience. However it only took about 2 hours to complete and I would have liked more for a paying game. I just love the feel and style of all the Rusty Lake games. They transport you to another world. I definitely recommend this latest game. Love the newest game from Rusty Lake! It's unsettling, intriguing, and fun! Big fan of the rusty lake series. Great puzzles, immense fun and an engaging, brilliant storyline. White Door falls way, way short. Novel idea but it's essentially a rather dull 'point and click' story rather than a game. Maybe the team just set the bar high (or maybe I had really high expectations!) with the other games but this one just falls short for me and won't be replayed. I'm genuinely gutted to be leaving a review like this. Addictively Dark, great puzzles, art and story line Great fun Beautiful game with a deep and sad story. Well worth it 👌 Thanks for replying so quickly, you solved the problem for me, very much appreciated. So nice to be immersed into this beautiful Rusty Lake world again! I have been following this series, this one seems to be the most simple, in positive and negative meaning. Visual and music is good, improved even, however the gameplay is overtaken by the story. I feel like watching visual novel than playing video game, especially on dream sequence. I'm a bit dissapointed that the puzzles and other challenges reduced in quantity and quality. This series should focus on surreal horror and helplessness, not drama and optimism, even if it's a spin off/gaiden game. Loved my experience playing this game I am a big rusty lake fun but this game wasn't my favorite. I like the new layout, the story and the graphics very much. I love how it relates to the previous games. BUT I thought the riddles were extremely easy, it was basically just like following an interactive story and not actually solving anything. It's not that I regret paying for it, but I hope that I will love the next one more. Much respect for the team! ❤ I love this game company, and they've managed to make another interesting and unique game that, though a different tone from most of rusty lake, is so enjoyable and very much in the signature style. I was so excited to be able to play this game, and I was not disappointed :^) Not as exciting as it used to be. Paradox and Roots were much better. Anyways I am happy that I have supported the developers monetarily. Edit: I appreciate the refund offer. My issue was less with the "game" quality or worth, and more about Rusty Lake offering both free and charged games. I feel like as this was such a change in gameplay, this one should have been free or at least have the game change more clearly displayed. Simply to avoid being misleading I can't believe I just paid for that. Don't waste your money. It's pretty much just a story you click to move on. Nothing like the other games. Utter waste of time and money. I have played all of your games. The White Door does not challenge the mind much. I enjoyed it like a visual novel of sorts. Will be replaying to find the stars. As always, a fantastic game. I love the new approach you took, the narrative is really cool and interesting. I really enjoyed this game. I found the puzzles to be very straightforward and somewhat easier than the puzzles in the other Cube Escape/Rusty Lake universe. I've never heard of Second Maze before, but I am glad they teamed up with Rusty Lake for this game. I truly look forward to anything Rusty Lake has planned for the future. Very good! It's more of a puzzle game in my opinion, enjoyed it very much. Love all Rusty Lake games! Pretty good. Short game No the typical rusty lake but a nice change of pace Inspiring. Worth the purchase. Wasn't sure what to expect from this one, and was drawn into the game right away. Loved it! It's definitely a much simpler experience as far as puzzles/gameplay goes, but if you take it as a narrative experience it's really wonderful. These devs are amazing, and I'm glad they tried something new! Certainly interesting. Fun stuff wortb the purchase ,want more Loved it! Creative gameplay and interesting story. I really do like this game as well as the story it tells based from the rusty lake series. Loooved this game. A perfect balance of story and puzzles, puzzles not so hard that game was interrupted by having to reference walkthroughs, though gave enough pause to think creatively and revisit to work out solutions. My favorite by far so far. Great, thoughtful work by Rusty Lake team. More like this please! Well made game, worth the price of admission. Short but sweet. Adding onto the rusty lake lore. Cube escape Rusty lake games are always a pleasure to play. Gameplay was very smooth and graphics are good. Not as weird like their other games and not to complicated. I like that theres more story to add to the main story :) In all enjoyable through out~ I'm supportive of all Rusty Lake games. This is very good, but doesn't quite hit the heights of the other games in my opinion. Still a wonderfully weird world. Keep them coming. I'll keep paying! Rusty Lake never disappoints! Yet another glimpse into this beautiful and mysterious world, for which I am always grateful. The story continues... What happened to Rusty Lake?!?!? I literally have gone bonkers over every other Rusty Lake game. Very few technical puzzles, and I solved them all without help. Actions are tedious, glitchy and repetitive (example: put cup to lips, pull sheets up, bend fingers, etc.) I waited with so much anticipation, and the delivery fell completely flat. If this is what joining up with Second Maze means, perhaps it is time to rethink the strategy behind that move. Very disapointing. Love this game As always, rusty lake never fails me. Good job guys. Another wonderful, beautiful, and fulfilling game from the awesome folks at Rusty Lake. I really liked the split-screen experience. It made the game feel more like a narrative driven tech demo, but it felt good and I always appreciate developers trying something new. My only gripe is that some of the sliding or dragging segments didn't work very well, and it's a little ambiguous how you're supposed to interact with some puzzles. But still a wonderful game! Great! Excellent game, nice puzzles, and a Rusty Lake game with a good story is a great thing. I can see this not been everyones cup of tea. But myself, i enjoyed it. It was simple and quite calming to play compared with the high action games I usually play (well done you lot). I really liked how it looked illustrations ect, plus you could follow the story well without getting sucked into the puzzles. I've seen some bad reviews for this game but they have definitely over looked it. Only issue I have is the price, would of liked a little bit more in the story. Nice to see Roberts backstory but nothing felt satisfying to accomplish in the end unlike the other games. This feels like it should be free because it didn't live up to the other premium titles, the puzzles were basic yet tedious. Honestly if this game was just remade in a Cube Escape fashion it would've been much better. Hate to do this to the devs but this game was pretty disappointing, think I'll replay Paradise just to make myself feel better. Just nowhere near as good as previous Rusty Lake games I'm sorry to say. The puzzles are far too simple, it lacks the peril and suspense of the other games and is simply nowhere near as engaging or involving enough. I know it's the White Door, but the whole experience was overly repetitive and bland. Far too much time spent doing what the dialogue told you to do. "She closed her eyes": Swipe down... I really wanted to love this game as much as all the others, but sadly, it didn't do it for me. The worst game i have ever played in my whole life who the hell even made this game. It is even wose than a 2 year old kids game This is super 5☆ as always! Nothing like previous games don't expect too much - disappointed to say the least :( I absolutely love the Rusty Lake games I've played them all more than once but the storyline and gameplay for this was just dull dull dull I expected so much better! Not long enough and no where near exciting enough compared to their other games. Completed it really quickly and left feeling very unfulfilled. I get they wanted to try something different but please go back to your 'Roots'. Really not worth £2.49. This was a boring game. Very repetitive. I saw you where going for storyline, but couldn't follow this at all. Plus it was very short. This was a waste of money. Ive always been a huge fan of you guys, this was insanely different from the previous games. Only peeves was the controls - eg; trying to slide the items off the screen to the right when the doctor asks you to, became incredibly frustrating. The controls are almost auto centred which became infuriating at times too. Loved the story and connections but it hasn't very challenging puzzles This game was beautifully illustrated, and had challenges. It was worth the money spent Defintley a fun an challenging game. The story is interesting enough to keep you going. Some parts can be hard to play on a touchscreen though. Besides a solid experience in my opinion. 10 out of 10. Loved it. Really fun with a great story behind it. A little different direction than the rest of the Rusty Lake family but a great game none the less! It's worth the investment. I enjoyed the whole game and found the puzzles entertaining and a little challenging. I love all of the Rusty Lake games. This one didn't disappoint. It is short but very well made. Great art style. The puzzles aren't very challenging if that is important to you. I can't remember if any of the other games had voice acting but I liked it in this one. Thanks for the great game guys! Keep em coming. The puzzles aren't as challenging, but the gameplay is unique and the narrative holds a lot more closure than others in this series. The story is reminiscent of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Fun. Yet another wonderful, weird, and bittersweet Rusty Lake Game. Genius! Fantastic I got the Roots, Hotel and Paradide. The White Door is no dissapointment. Another style, the same atmosphire, excellent! Great story, as usual! Loved it!!!!!!! Please make more, I was so sad when it finished I didn't get the ending fully maybe. Cultural things not common in the US? The game kept me wanting to play. Names aren't cut off anymore after latest update, but there is one name: "Ay egul Ozol" but with umlauts. Are there missing characters between "Ay" and "egul"? Wonderful good story, but too short.. expecting more like roots or paradise Good game altogether with the familiar rusty lake graphics and vibe, though too short for the price and the puzzles are juust a bit too easy. Purchased this game to criticize "you guys copied Rusty Lake!"(yes I'm being mean). Well, it IS Rusty Lake's game!! Lololol Lemme play and see how is it. + YAY! completed all achievements. The game is awesome. Gives some hints and clues to the entire 'The Woman' story. Hooooo.. ++ I can't enter to the achievement award page!😢😢😢😢 Not your typical point of click game, this game portrayed a new perspective from a character which connects multiple series together. Highly recommended. 10/10 if possible, can't wait for next release! Best one so far. Nice work. It's a Rusty Lake game what's not to love I like the game but it only had 7 levels, and I feel like a lot of questions were left unanswered. For a paid game it needs to go on longer. Underwhelming... I love the other Rusty Lake series, but this felt too simple. More instructional play (ie dialogue instructed you to do things) than having the player think of the puzzle. Price point I felt was too high comparatively. Would I recommend this ...no, but the previous series yes. Have played all other rusty lake games and I loved the new approach to white door. It's unique in that the player can move and do more things, but it was limited in the puzzles department. I didn't need to work as hard to figure out how to finish the game in white door, compared to the other games. Still, I loved the new approach. I enjoyed it, but felt too short compared to other 'Rusty Lake' games. A bit lacking and feels rushed. As a huge fan of all previous Rusty Lake games, I thought The White Door was a bit of a let down. I found it to be too short and too easy to justify a premium price tag. It's a shame because I was looking forward to this game the moment it was announced. I would replay it to earn all the stars, but that seems like tedious busy work after completing the main story. I'll continue to support these games if you make any more, but I'm not recommending this one. Game was ok, but seemed lacking when compared to other Rusty Lakes games. I wouldn't recommend it for the price paid. The story was a bit interesting and there were creative links to other games in series but it felt shallow or incomplete. Most of the actions are just tedious directions instead of really compelling puzzles through the story. I don't think the value of cost versus time/content/challenge is worth it in this instance. Save the money and skip this one. The black and white graphics, with split screen, give the game a fresh perspective. Riddles are not overly complicated, yet the game is engaging. Clean connections with previous Rusty Lake games. Love to play it with my hubby :) Great game. Amazing. The story... and all of the things about this game... Good job. My original review was 3 stars, but I feel compelled to lower it to 1 after seeing how the creators are "paying off" poor reviews by offering a refund if the review is removed. This is shocking. It's being sold as a "game" but the playable elements are short, repetitive, and not taxing in any way. Most of the experience is like an "interactive book" which is totally patronising... it tells you to lift a glass, so you drag the glass up. Whatever this is, it's not an "adventure game". Graphics were good and storyline was nice after replaying with finding all stars I can honestly say I love it! Short but sweet! I would gladly pay this each month as a subscription for a sort of chapter based game, have you considered that? Does not disappoint. Thank u Rusty Lake! Brilliant as always from Rusty Lake, just a bit buggy but that's expected on day 1 of release! Very fun and engaging, did it all in one sitting :D Great game again guys :) Edit: Not yet ;) Loved it, more please! I understand this is different from the traditional Rusty Lakes games. But I finished it and am still trying to find what I liked about it aside from the controls. No inventory or real puzzles is odd.. Maybe it should have been promoted as a walking simulator or visual novel before release, instead of "a different type of game" I've always loved Rusty Lakes amazing games! This one is another outstanding and breath-taking one. It is not as dark and spooky as the others Robert Hill games in the series but I do love it. It links the whole story all together. I expected to see a not-so-sad ending and hoped Robert could finally get his girlfriend back to life to end the misery. I think he did it in a kinda Inception way and I was happy for him. Thank you Rusty Lake! I look forward to you next wonderful creation! Great game! Amazing story. But for a 5 dollar charge it was over way too quickly. Beautifully done! As usual. These games never disappoint. They're the only ones that keep me anxiously awaiting the next one! I HATE when they end! I'm a Rusty Laker for life! that was nice! sometimes it's not clear what I'm doing wrong but managed to finish w/ using hints!! worth a play definitely Fantastic and original. Boring and weird... When I try and get the experience star on level 5 dream the police officer does not appear by the DJ so I cant complete it.Why is this happening.I vlicked on him the first time I saw him in the disco. Was a pretty challenging game but i wish it wouldve been longer. I purchased and finished the game all within the same night. In fact it only took me about an hour and a half to complete. Good story. Bit slow but liked it a lot. Fun up until you get stuck with no hints and it's just sitting there like figure it out stupid. Waste of money. Rusty lake never ceases to amaze us. Another great game. Can't wait for what's next Best game that i have played Game is too buggy. The screen turned white and stayed blank, things like infinitely brushing teeth and dancing pasta halted progression and ruined the 4 minutes of playable gameplay. I had to restart the app several times to get past the first level and then when the game white screened after the shattering mug, I reset the app and was brought back to restart the first level. I'm not expecting a AAA game but if I pay 3.50 for a game, I expect to get through the first two tasks bug free. Idk, this didn't scratch the itch like previous games. I think the voice acting was part of it. I usually love their games (played them all). Still good, please don't stop! Solid new gameplay mechanics, intuitive controls, and captivating aesthetics. Most of all, true to Rusty Lake form, the storytelling is unparalleled. The puzzles are engaging, yet manageable enough as to not interrupt the pace of this chilling look into an unravelling mind. Die hard Rusty Lake fans will relish this long awaited chapter of "False Accusations," packed with subtle clues further enriching the landscape of the lake. New players: it is well worth the price of a donut and coffee. Seriously love this game, the art is great and I love the story! Puzzles were nice too :D Interesting but less challenging or creepy than expected. .... it's such a short game. Seriously. It has potential but it's quickly over. Oh how I wish these were so much longer. My top favorite point and click games. Rusty Lake games are a must if you like point and click. The stories are spine chilling at times as are the animations. Keep up the excellent work. I'll pay to play Anyday. A phenomenal experience as always from Rusty Lake, hope to see more and discover all the secrets behind the White Door Did not enjoy like other Rusty Lake titles. In hindsight, the developers are up front about the different gameplay style, bit only found that out during the game. Still appreciate the quirkiness, but did end the game feeling a bit unfulfilled. Looking forward to more titles from Rusty Lake. Another classic from rusty lake. This one is a little short but still great. Very disappointed after all the waiting. I love the other games and this was just short and boring. Nice, neat graphics. Intriguing plots. I love this game!! Wow!! Rusty lake craving satisfied! Such a beautiful game. I have played every other rusty lake game and this did not disappoint! I can't comprehend any negative comments... This costs less than a cup of coffee and will affect me for much longer. Thanks guys, looking forward to the next one! I hate to say it because I love Rusty Lake and I respect them trying something new, but this was very boring. Hardly even a game. More of a story with instructions on what actions to make and a few games in it. Again, bless them for going for it, but I was very disappointed. Not awful, but not the best. I found the idea to follow a schedule frustrating, as I just wanted to get tasks out of the way so I could explore the environment more. I knew I was missing the achievements, in the moment, but wish there was a way to play individual days so I didnt have to restart the game. I didnt hate this game, but Paradise was far better than this. However, I did love the storyline. It was very engaging and emotional. Gameplay was just... meh. It's a good game but it is too short 😭 Rusty lake did an awesome job with this new style. Great story telling, delivered in a cool way. Pretty good game. Love the concept. Innovative interface. I wish it was available for PC as sometimes I struggled to read stuff. The game was decent, but it was pretty boring by rusty lake standards. This one is, as the developer has said, more of a story than a game. It's a fantastic little story, and there are lots of Easter eggs and hidden achievements that make it even better. It's not as immersive as the Cube games, admittedly, even with what I've found of the secret levels. But it continues the Rusty Lake story beautifully, and makes me want more, as always. It's different from typical rusty lake escape games. Follows a story and aside from puzzles you have to make the character follow the narrative of the story. I liked it because it made it more interactive than dialogue and not something I've seen before The puzzles weren't that difficult and more like just memory challenges than solving a problem. It was also short. Finished in a few plays over 4 days. Short but sweet. A quality game amidst the cookie cutter lessers that are pervasive on the play store. Worth the price considering all aspects. A breath of fresh air. Nice. Wow, simply amazing, super game, one of the best games i ever played A beautiful journey with glimpses into the Rusty Lake world. Unique gameplay and challenging puzzles. Well done! Huge fan of the Rusty Lake and Cube Escape games, so I'm really happy that a new child has joined the family! The game is a little different than previous ones, a little easier puzzle-wise, but still just as enjoyable! I really like that there are secret achievements that expand the gameplay. Honestly, this game and all of the previous ones in the series bring color to my life.! As per usual, Rusty lake has created another amazing game. My only complaint is that now i have to go back to waiting for the next one. I think this series of games is great. The White door is another great one to add to it. I've spent years playing every rusty lake game and this one's a bummer. It's more of a story than a game and I'm mad I spent money on it. Again Rusty Lake did not disappoint. Another amazing game. I really look forward to the next one. Nice narrative, sound and graphics - great as ever. It's not my favourite Rusty Lake, though can't quote pinpoint why, but thank you for experimenting; it's nice to have something new yet familiar. Beautiful Rusty Lake as usual... Thanks for this gem team! More levels please 🙂 But I'm kinda pissed that you could play this free on a computer and I didnt realize it until I played it Great game again! Especially if you have played the previous ones so many easter eggs. I wish it was a bit longer though but still great! Was a bit too easy but enjoyable If you've played any Rusty Lake game before, then you don't need my recommendation to get this one. A good puzzle game, but was quite short. Finished in only a couple of hours total I just wish these games were longer 😂 Too short, too easy I have loved every game from Rusty Lake and this is no exception! It's a different experience from their other games but i thought it was just as satisfying to play. Can't wait to see what they do next! I've played all the RL games, and the story gets more intense with every chapter. Phenomenal story telling and lore discovery. I hope this isn't the last from the RL devs! Not quite as good as other rusty lake games. Nice enough. I bought every game rusty lake made right after the release because I believe in this company. This game however is a let down. Its story line is short and weak, puzzles are not as fun as previous games. (BTW, I like root the most) I rate this game 4 star only because it was made by rusty lake. Great game. A little different from other Rusty Lake games but still recognizable. Wish it was longer than 7 levels... I loved it but could have been longer I was so looking forward to another Rusty Lake game. Got really tired of things like " opening eyes " and " putting hand down ". I know they were trying something new, but personally id stick with the old style. The old style is so unique which I why I love rusty lake games. Really disappointed with this one. Sorry guys! Good game for when you have time I am a fan and have played all of the series. This has great unique gameplay with interactive split screen. However the puzzle is so easy compared to previous series. And for a paid game, the game and story is very short. I have waited the white door for long time and i'm sorry but i have to say that this is really dissapointing. Anyway, i hope it gets better in the next series. Looking forward to it. I really liked the previous games. I understand you re trying a different story, but i was hoping for something a little more challenging. I enjoyed it still. Great job guys ! Love these games!! Best one so far!! Good game, with a few little bug. Good but wish it was like the other rusty lake games. It was a bit too easy and so didn't take long to complete. I really wish it had been more difficult. It's a fantastically playable and presented game as you would expect from Rusty Lake. Definitely worth the money. I love that they've tried something new and it is truly immersive and interesting. I dropped it a star only because the puzzles were easier than normal and, because of that, it took only a few hours to complete. As I said, still definitely worth the money! Edited: bumped to 5 stars because 1) developer takes the time to respond to comments and 2) the hidden stars extend game play. Loved it. Hope more will come. A longer virsion will be better in my opinion, something that will take days to finish. Anyhow, good job, great game and is indeed recommended. Can't wait for more. Enthralling - I love all your games. I had much fun playing this game :) Love this game It was OK...although with the long amount of time between this game and Paradox, the hype, anticipation and the high expectations of a Rusty Lake game, it fell short. I appreciate the attempt at a new type of gameplay however I prefer the classic gameplay I've come to know and love from RL. Very good game and wonderful I really enjoyed this part. Congratulation to developers, they made great job. I hope they already making another one;) I had only one issue, when I was playing and turned off my screen the game continued in the background as I could hear the music. I had similar issue with some of previous rusty lake games. Keep it up! phenomenal Very lacking compared to all their other games waited in anticipation for so long and disappointed to say the least ... will be looking forward to their next release Hopefully it will be as good as the rest (loved the style of it though) Great game. Somewhat different from other Rusty Lake games. The extra narrative coherency really pays off. Well done, folks! Another solid game from Rusty Lake. They went out on a limb and tried something new... And knocked it out of the park once again. I am never disappointed by their games and even with new gameplay, new display type, and a new approach to the narrative, I enjoyed this game equally as much as their previous games. Can't wait for the next! Another great Rusty Lake game! I've played them all. Although it is shorter and less challenging than others, it was well done. It is layed out in a primarily a storytelling theme which works well. I love the rusty lake games..so I liked the world and feeling of this one. But I finished it in a day and it just felt lacking. Nothing was difficult in it and it hardly challenged me at all. Yet the achievements are really impossible to get if you dont look them up bc you'd never think to do them at all. I have been waiting for a new rusty lake game for like a year and this just fell a little flat. What an amazing addition to the Rusty Lake story! I really enjoyed the opportunity to get to know Bob, since I always thought he was an interesting character. I loved the voice acting (especially Laura's voice - it's so cute!!) and the connections to other games in the series. I also think that the split-screen gameplay is a very fun way to play puzzle games like these. Lastly, I am looking forward to the next installment in the story. I can't wait to learn what happens next! Fantastic. Love the art, love the plot. Very dissapointed. I've played every Rusty lakes game and I've been waiting for a new one for awhile. It's one of the only apps ill happily pay for. This game was nothing like the other games. To much story not enough puzzles. It was way to easy and took me almost no time to complete. Phenomenal games. Am amazing story wrapped in a great game. O we the last month I've played all previous Rusty Lake games in order and each one is something special but White Door raises the bar again. My only concern was that it may not be connected to the story of the previous games but it's perfectly placed in the universe. Now my only concern is the wait for something new! Fantastic as always Yet another absolutely great story from Rusty Lake. Loved it! I don't believe this was worth £2.49. I've played free games that are much more complex, engaging, and take much longer to complete than this did. 8 simple levels is not enough to pay for. The White Door is unfortunately a poor addition to the Rusty Lake pantheon of games. The unique backstory and cannon of the RL world is just not enough to make up for the loss of the engaging mechanics of the other games. The actions, especially during the dream sequences, felt more like busy work (keeping the player occupied) rather than truly advancing the story. The whole thing just felt undercooked and rushed to market. I hope their next offering captures the magic of the other games again. Extremely impressed with this game! I'm looking forward to getting the extra achievements hoping that will fill the emptiness where my soul should be. I love the games by Rusty Lake and Cube Escape. This game helps link all the games together and completes the story. I also like that this is similar to their other games, but the controls are new enough to keep my interest and look new and fresh. Thanks, devs! Really fun playthrough! No game of this genre will ever surpass any of the Rusty Lake (and now Second Maze) games. They are strange & interesting. They're challenging, but not so much that they make you too frustrated to keep playing. Beyond worth the few dollars they cost. I love all the rusty lake games so much and because of that I am having a hard time saying this....the white door is good. But not excellent like Hotel, Roots, Paradise and Paradox. The best part about the white door is finding the stars. And having played the other games helps with that in a way. You know where the quirkiness may be hiding! I'm glad it's finally released and it is fun and worth buying. It's just not as great as the others. I feel like I'm betraying Rusty Lake by saying that! Good game! Amazing game!!!! As with other Rusty Lake games, I got a very poetic vibe from it. It is indeed short but I enjoy every second of it. It had simpler challenges than before but they were fun and actually made me move very smoothly with the storyline without getting stuck for hours in one scene.I was always curious about that guy from before (no spoilers:)). Thanks for this nice spinoff Rusty Lake!Can't wait for your next masterpiece :) As always very intriguing. Played all the Rusty lake games and even though I was hesitant to purchase since it looked so plain, I'm glad I did. I was hooked right away and finished the game the same day but it was worth it to have something so different then any escape games. Rusty lake and I guess series is in the top tier of escape games. If your a fan like me in this genre you'll know what I'm talking about. I know these things take time but I'm waiting for new ones. I love everything from Rusty Lake , and this game isn't just a game - it is the story and true art. As always. Loved it it felt to be too easy and too short. really enjoyed it though. great as all games by Rusty Lake! this game is well worth the price. can't wait to see what they do next👍 For me the best, most brilliant game was Seasons. The theater and paradox come after them. The White Door is one of the easiest and shortest of the RL games. I liked the background story for some of the other games. And the new gameplay didn't disturb me. But very easy, very short and close to no surprises. I can't say I am not disappointed. You guys already showed that you're far more better than this. Cool and all, loved the references to other games, but damn it's too short, considering the price to other games from the series A tiny game for one evening with somehow familiar characters. Good mood, music and story telling, but way too short (for the price). Also the story is vague comparing to previous games. I'd give it 3.5 / 5, but here you go... I like the concept very much but I hate that the puzzles were easier and the story was a lot shorter. I must admit that this one differs in many ways compared to your previous games. Even though I prefer more puzzles in the actual game play, I find this game to be the perfect choice for the overall plot. Actually, "game" might be the wrong word, interactive art is much more fitting. The game itself acts as your pen or chisel, it is the tool which the talented people at rusty lake use to create beautiful writing, music, paintings and voice acting jam packed with philosophical questionsand ennui. Wow! I have never played something like this. It's so much fun. Like the whole story and everything is so amazing. Well done! Really boring and dull. Most of the game is completing actions instructed by the character like "raise the cup to the mouth" or "slide the covers up." There are very few actual puzzles that make any sense. The only time I had to use my brain to figure out what was going on was when the app wouls glitch. The characters are dull, voices are dull, music is dull. I really don't get what they were thinking. Sorry for the bluntness, but it's just very disappointing when you LOVE the other games. I was skeptical if it would have the same feel as the others considering the new look, but it really is lovely and engrossing, and fits right in with the rest of my Rusty Lake favorites. Cool game very interesting but too easy I can never fault Rusty Lake. This game is on par with many of the Cube series and I look forward to playing it again. Very weak on the challenge front, compared to previous RL games. Seemed to be over too quickly with limited replay value. All in all, a let down. There really isn't much of a game here. It is more of a point and click story. The gameplay it's mostly just clicking on whatever the narration just said. As for the story, it tries to be a bit creepy and put up some idea that there's a big mystery. But, I think in both gameplay and sorry, The White Door is just trying to build some illusion of something much bigger than what's actually there. It hints at some obscure weirdness though hidden trophies, but never ties them back to the plot. Weird as ever! Always pleased to see a new game, and this didn't disappoint. It was very interactive. The ending was kind of anticlimactic though. Amazing I loved it! I played this with great expectation. It was easier than past Rusty Lake games, but that relative ease of puzzle solving allowed the narration to flow more easily. It's a touching little story built out of tropes this franchise has been building. Well done! Love Rusty Lake games and this was interesting but definitely not as visually engaging as the previous. It also felt quite short in comparison. Seems a bit rushed and sadly a bit dissapointed after the wait! Just wish it was longer! Loved it Game is Ok. I have completed and enjoyed every other Rusty Lake game. I appreciate the teams effort of trying something new, and completely changed the style of the game. I feel this one was entirely too short, and easy. It felt more like daily chores, rather then a puzzle game. Hopefully a sequel will be much more challenging and interesting. I am a great fan of Rusty Lake games. I went through all of them, so I was waiting for the next one. Now I finished The white door and I am not disappointed at all. I really love the history in there. Though I think that it's a bit simpler and less creepy / scary. Please keep doing this! I have been waiting in anticipation for this game since it was first announced! After playing all the Rusty Lake games, which I highly recommend, this one did not disappoint. It's a different take from the Rusty Lake games, but if you enjoy playing them for the story and the mystery then do give this a go! It's highly creative and imaginative, very simplistic, but inventive and unique. Now I have to wait patiently for your next game! 😃 Such a let down. Loved it!! I love games like these! Another great game from Rusty Lake, not as challenging as some of the previous games. Well worth playing, same creepy atmosphere and shared characters. Thank you so much for the work you put in your games! Rusty lake games are the only ones I always purchase. Story, graphics, gameplay - everything is just perfect. Cannot wait for the next game. Loved it :) Great atmosphere and story. Much easier than all other episodes though. The game was amazing! Probably one of my favorite rusty lake games! A fantastic and thought provoking experience. I was so excited when i found out thr new game was out, and you guys did not disappoint. The Rusty Lake games are some of my favourite. The only games I will pay for on my phone. Nice game, but it does not compare to the complexity of the previous ones Incredible. Being a huge fan of the Rusty Lake games I was concerned I wouldn't like it after reading the reviews. But I took the plunge and do not regret it! I liken it to paying for an awesome, interactive movie. Game play isn't long, puzzles are not as difficult as previous games, but this is necessary to not detract from the storyline. The experience is fully immersive, loved it. More please! I absolutely loved playing this. I love the new game mechanics and style. It is very original. I also love the fact that it still has the character typical of Rusty Lake. I'm very impressed! Can't wait for more Rusty Lake! 😊 Not the best Rusty Lake game in my opinion. It doesn't engage like the others (especially "Roots") and seems to have lost its surreal and odd edge. A bit humdrum. What went wrong? Great addition to the rusty cube series... awesome job 😁 It's good to see Rusty Lake break the mould a little and attempt a new look. Overall, White Door feels less like a game and more of a graphic novel. Definitely starts faithful to the mythos of the previous games, though it would be interesting if the developers can play more with new ideas and try a different way to gamify the story. Best game to play in a long time. It really gives the whole rusty lake universe a proper explanation, however, i suggest playing the other games first. Too easy. I thought it might be a lot harder than it was, and only took a short time to do. A little disappointed after all the hype and waiting for the game. Breath Taking Great, as usual I like this game so much ❤ I was hoping the game is a bit longer.. Overall it was good! Another great game by this publisher. It ties into the rusty lake lore and I absolutely love that. And I don't know if I just play too many of these games but I finished in a single sitting. Still a fantastic game! A note to the devs. The dragging mechanic, like when sliding things off screen, is incredibly knacky and you have to get just right otherwise nothing happens. It can really hurt the immersion An insightful journey. As always with Rusty Lake, the atmosphere transends a mere game, and becomes an emotion. One that is interactive and fluid. It is calming, yet unnerving. Sad, yet hopeful. A view into the mind through the empty door of white. I encourage all to not only play this game, but to experience it. You will not be dissatisfied. Very different from the rest of the Rusty Lake games, but still enjoyable. Less puzzling and more story world and task based challenges, but it is interesting enough to fill my Rusty Lake fix while I wait for their next game. Fans of the Rusty Lake world will enjoy several nods to previous games characters and locations, but expect an entirely different gameplay. I commend the developers for stepping outside of their comfort zone and trying something completely different. Artistically done! I really enjoyed playing it. I think the puzzles are a little too simple as compared to the previous Cube Escape games but I understood that The White Door wanted to emphasize storytelling. I got a bit lost in some controls but the experience is still awesome. I wonder what will happen if I chose fries for dinner twice in a row 😹 I love the shift in gameplay compared to past Rusty Lake games. As others have said, it's shorter and easier than the other games, but I respect what the devs are doing here. A great addition to the story! This game was a big disappointment. I regret buying this game. The storyline was interesting but the puzzles were too easy. All the Rusty Lake games are lovely. Spooky, mysterious, unsettling and captivating. I expected a lot more from this game for $3.50. It was a lot of back and forth, a little too easy, and had some hard navigation. Not my favorite in the series. Kind of disappointed. not as long play time as the former, but still good Rusty Lake never fails to impress me. Each game always has quality and depth. I've never enjoyed a series so much. Was a really fun game. Every now and then ran into some touch control problems other than that it was really fun. Always great games from the developer. 👍 Boring. Love most of the others RL games Awesome oh my god!! this is one of the best games i have ever played. definitely worth the money!! Is not the best rusty lake game but is a risk worth taking and innovating is always a good thing to do, I will keep playing all your games Well done Again Could have used the option for a hint on certain things, like answering the nurses questions but otherwise it's perfect. Amazing story losts of detail! But sadly I don't think it was worth the money. Still amazing story but the ending wasn't really satistfing to me.. But overall enjoyed the story! :) Good game but for the price I expected more. As always I love Rusty Lake games. But this one was the simplest and shortest I think I've played. And it cost the most It was good as always. Yes it was a bit easier ,but i did not stock in a level like i used to. Keep up the good work! Another beautiful, but bizarre game from the people at Rusty Lake. Very different from their other games, puzzles are significantly easier. But it makes up for it by giving fans more backstory into an important part of the series. Can't wait for more! It has a great story and the puzzles aren't to challenging, but are a good amount. Great game as usual from Rusty Lake. Whilst it's short, I've never found anything to compare with these games. You can complete fairly quickly, but finding the achievements of not so easy. A beautiful game, difficult enough to be fun but not frustrating. A really well made game with a lovely style. I hope to see more soon. Love this series. Long time fan. The drag action is a little buggy, especially when opening doors and sliding things. Other than that fun game and more insight to the overall story! Just ok. Meh. I hope they make a regular Rusty Lake game soon. I feel like I waited forever for this one and it was just ok. Not worth the $$$ imo. Our family loves Rusty Lake! The White Door brings a new style with familiar characters. The visuals are rich, and the music is enjoyable. Minus one star because the game got glitchy on the last few days (days 6 & 7?), but it was easily fixed by closing out and going back into the game. Beautiful game with great puzzles and a moving storyline Beautiful It pains me to give a rusty lake game 4 stars but I've rated all your other games 5 stars and this one just isn't on par. I really liked the new gameplay style and the story is excellent I loved how it links in with all the other games. But this game is just too easy! I've read in other comments that you wanted to focus on the story but one of the enjoyable aspects of your games are the challenging puzzles. This game is basically an interactive story. It is enjoyable but just not what I expected Couldn't expect less. Great game !!! Thoroughly enjoyed playing this Definitely a new kind of adventure for Rusty Lake! A beautiful take on mental health issues and loss. I wish the game was a little longer, but still a captivating and heart-pounding journey through grief and the process of self-care. Fun game, but too short and too easy. Finished in under an hour needs to be longer and more challenging Not as good as other games. Not enough challenging, not as exciting story, not enough existential mind blows. Very disappointed. Doesn't feel like a lot of thought or work went into this game. I am sorry...i am a big rusty lake fun but this is just a few hours (if that) of average game play with nice design. I am happy to reward artists but was it made mainly for the money? :( an underwhelming experience from a rusty lake hardcore fan. the game is just too simple compared to the rest of the franchises and the achievements arbitrary and requiring a guide to uncover. the game is very short and while this wasn't a problem in rusty lake games because they were filled with puzzles, there really aren't any substantial ones in here. i understand it's a little experimental game meant to be a fun experience, it just wasn't what i was looking for. Should have been a free game considering how short it is. All RL games before The Cave has been awesome but since then, there has been less frequent releases and a steady decline in terms of game quality. Im rooting for rusty lake to bounce back to its former glory. Loved it. Easier than the other RL games but totally different, and innovative. Not very long, sad it's finished already. Will just start waiting patiently as ever for the next one! The White Door doesn't have great replay value but it's not secret it has been marketed as something different both in story and gameplay compared to their other games. It succeeded in its narrative of Robert Hill and I look forward to future installments and Rusty Lake lore. Good but too short Nice game but too short. The controls are clever but the riddles are not as challenging as in the previous Rusty Lake titles. Good introduction to Rusty Lake. As a newcomer to these games, i enjoyed it. But felt it was pretty short for what it's worth. I always look for AND look forward to rusty lake games and I I've been hooked from the beginning. While waiting for new games I've even gone back and played them all again later. So awesome!! Great job once again guys. Best games in the play store by far. I love this one because it's a little different than the rest. So good. Been waiting for this for a while!!! This really really hard! And I don't understand what this mean so I did this game....I think this interested. And really sad game make me sad :( But good thing he not kill himself I thought he would... Rusty Lake never disappoint me. This game is good, just a bit different from the previous ones. Excellent as always. Two minor things. Toothbrush very difficult to pick up. Bird difficult to color correctly. I love all the Rusty Lake games but this one was less about solving puzzles and more about following the story. Unfortunately for me other then tying into the other stories that I enjoyed it was kind of boring. Awesome game, almost more an interactive movie. Exactly what you would expect from Rusty Lake. Love it!! Another weird game in the series!!! I'm so confused but I loved it! Good story, not too hard, not sure if it's worth a replay to look for all the hidden stars Well done! Another great Rusty Lake game! Easier and not as dark as the previous games, but still a fun little game. This my first comment on Google playstore, I love this game. It's fun and good for the brain. Thanks for the game :) Another fantastic addition to the Rusty Lake series. Yes, it was a bit easier than some of the other games but I still enjoyed it. Had no problem with the price, people complaining about that just expect to get everything for free. Slightly underwhelmed. I've been waiting ages for this to come out. With the delay as well expected something similarly epic as previous lake experiences. Still enjoyable and atmospheric. Worth the 2.49. Can't wait for an all singing and dancing next installment I have played every game from rusty lake and maybe thats why my expectations are too big. The truth is i was so dissapointed when i realised the game was over. It felt tiny in front of the other games. Im gonna unlock the achievements now. But i really think you can do so much better. Waiting for your next game. <3 Great as always. I thought the Cube escapes will be the epitome, but having played The White Door, I fell in love with how interactive and easier it is to navigate. I love how clear the story is. It might not be as hard as Cube escapes yet but it keeps you on your toes. I love the musical score so much. It makes me feel like I'd definitely feel the pain of Robert. More to come team!!!! Another great game. I really enjoyed playing it. Thanks. I'm a big fan of Annapurna Games' game/graphic novel app Florence, and this feels like a similar experience, only with a darker Rusty Lake story and more replayability. That's a big compliment. Yes, it's a different gaming experience, but that's okay. I care more about getting to hear/watch/live a new story from the RL universe than simply having a similar room to escape from as the last few times. Seeing as the cost is the same as a standard comic book issue, this is well worth the value. Great game. I wish it had been longer. Awesome!! Ever so beautiful and brilliantly done The game was cool i liked the soundtrack and puzzles a lot and finding about Bobs story made me low key cry even if it was on the inside, plus finding the hidden stuff in game was cool also even if i admit i lost some sleep over finding them, but still fun none the less. I can't wait to see your next project get started and im sure they all will be amazing, but for now pat yourselves on the back for me maybe get yourself some good food and drinks you all deserve it. Once again a refreshing masterpiece Nothing like the other cube escape. A bit easy, enough though i didn't complete the final ending yet. This team never fails to surprise and delight. The puzzles were comparatively easy, but that allowed me to focus more on the emotional journey. It ties in so neatly with the other Rusty Lake games. Even though I replayed them all in preparation, I didn't guess the connection until it was revealed! Gameplay is once again tweaked and built upon, though I worry about the lack of clarity that this is part of a larger whole. If a new player comes in, I doubt they'd know there's more. A bit disappointed by this one. I played every Rusty Lake game there is and for me this one is not to the level with others. Not that challenging. The game is mostly pull this, click that, don't think about it. Most fun was Sarah's TV. Boring I've been waiting eagerly for the next installment of the Rusty Lake games & although The White Door is quite different to the other games, it doesn't disappoint. It's not as dark as previous games, however you still get that Rusty Lake feel to it. I thought I had finished the game quite quickly which I was a little disappointed about, however you then need to go back and complete the achievements and the "extra" level. Always happy to pay for Rusty Lake games. Looking forward to the next one! Wonderful It is incredible and very exciting game! Soundtrack, graphics, story - everything is awesome! Thank you guys! Nice game but very short I expected a puzzle game with some psychedelic story behind it . But what i got was a simple interactive story told in a beautiful way full of deep themes accompanied with some simple puzzles (and often recycled from their previous titles). Still, this experience is worthwhile and very much deserves its price. I do, however, expected more than a two hour game. Buy it. Play it. I loved it. I don't want to sound like a bot but I can't recommend this enough I will give it a 5 star just because you're a great company , the game is different yes , but it's too short and too easy if we compare it to the other RL games , it's okay keep the good working , we hope you will surprise us with a new game and new hard challenges ... Great game. For old players from rusty lake it seems a gaiden, a spin-off or more of a supplement. For new comers it describes a love story and leaves plenty of things for players to discover and - the Rusty Lake series is fairly cheap. Glad to find such movable experience from Bob. Hope you guys continue to fill and expand the "tree of memory". Certain for me to continue support them. Let's make some memories. It's quite easier than the other titles. The narrative is so cool though. The achievements are challenging and complete the whole serie. I loved it Ok guys, i have enjoyed the white door, as well as most of rusty lake games. But come one ! You have spent a whole year for this! The game is too short i have finished it in about 2 hours ! The riddles are easy alike rest of the rusty lake games. This is my first purchase so i expect something beyond expectations both at game and story levels But i think most of the other games are better than this one. Still, this game is really amazing and i liked it. But I am little disappointed I fished the game in 1 hr so easy, no tricks!! So expensive ... im so disappointed And yes i did all the achievments ! I have loved all of the games, but this may be the most excited I've been for a game release. That being said if I'm being honest this one falls quite a bit short. The puzzles are a bit on the nose. It kind of leads you directly to the answers and then moves on. I always enjoy the story lines though! And the different gameplay style works pretty well! Would be nice to combine the styles for a mega game that is much more dark and difficult. In conclusion I bought this game and will buy the next. Another perfect game from Rusty Lake. It was really good but ended too soon. I was hoping for a longer game Beautiful game. The artistic choices here compared to the previous games are bold and unique and unexpected, but as you progress they make perfect sense, and the story plays out so well. Pure poetry in game form. I am absolutely in love. The puzzles are significantly easier than previous rusty lake games, but the achievements are a real challenge! Very much enjoyed but found it very short, however I found a secret ending which was a bonus! Now going back through to get all the stars and hoping I may discover other goodies/endings. 😁🤞 Tbh...not to usual standard. I was disappointed about the length, and although the style was growing on me... It did not feel like a progression from an established game format... More like a beta. I found it lacking the finesse of all that have gone before. You broke the formula... If it ain't broke.... Don't fix it. Another wonderful story. Love all Rusty Lake Games! This one is shorter but the change in puzzles is so awesome and makes up for it! Please don't stop making games! Great as usual, I never hesitate to buy rusty lake games This is fun thank you A good fix for a Rusty Lake fan like me. Good story, kept me busy for a couple hours. I'll try and complete all the achievements, but since it cost a little over $3.00, I feel like it either could've been a bit longer, or a bit more challenging. Looking forward to any new games. Noticed that if I turn my screen off, when I turn the screen back on to play, the music doesn't play unless I restart the app. Doesn't happen if I pause before turning my screen off. But that happens with other games. Very emotional I feel like I'm being generous with the three stars unfortuntly and to be honest am quite surprised by all the 5 star reviews. I LOVE LOVE LOVE all previous rusty lake games and after waiting so long was expecting so much more. The puzzles were way to easy, and the overall game took me maybe couple hours. disappointed :( The game was OK, I like what they did trying something different and some of the puzzles were fun, however I found the game to be easier than previous games and far too short. In my opinion this does not compare to the other Rusty Lake games. Underwhelmed and slightly disappointed . Great game as always Love it, This is a no brainer purchase, i purchased immediately after the launching ! i'm always a fan of rusty lake, and this one is really great too !! The story a bit short, but i think there's more to it? I'm looking forward to your next game also 😚 I'm rooting for you guys !!! Please stay healthy and creative I'm sad..crying.very..sad..... I've played every rusty lake game. How impressed was I!!! I have a notebook dedicated to RL to figure out puzzles. I only needed it once with The White Door. Waited for so long!. This is a game for a 10 year old. Way too repetitive. Really not much of a storyline. Very short. No family! The puzzles are very shortcoming. I dont get it. Maybe collaboration is not the right choice. I'll play hotel again to sooth my sorrows. The White Door does NOT feel RL. To me it is a fun escape game. Not very challenging though, as it is the first paid Rusty lake games that I didn't look for walkthrough. I do like how they split the screen into two, and also how the Rusty Lake games always have a replayable value. pricey for amount of content but content itself not bad i love your work!!! Great game but I wish there was a playthrough for the extra level Awesome. Perhaps a bit short, but fun and unique. A more than worthy entry into the Rusty Lake series. Hopefully more to come! If you go into this game expecting it to be the exact same as other Rusty Lake adventures, you'll be disappointed. That said, if you leave your expectations at the (white) door, you'll enjoy a beautifully made visual story complete with puzzles and exciting callbacks to previous games. Is it as scary as other Rusty Lake games? No. Is it as good as other Rusty Lake games? I think so, but enter and find out for yourself! Also I love Harvey with my entire heart and will never shut up about it Loved it, but it's very short! In need another Rusty Lake hit already 😑 Not as challenging as the prior Rusty Lakes games, but I love the increased interaction. The story flows, but it still doesn't answer any questions from prior games! After anticipating this game for months, having devoured all the predecessors, nothing could brace me for the immense disappointment this one sadly delivered. In its shadow were games that challenged with provoking puzzles and riveting stories, this one fell flat. Painfully short, dull premise, lacking gameplay (no puzzles?) & NO loose ends tied. This game felt more like a cheesy visual interactive story beta demo. FULL of glitches. Never felt buyers remorse like this. And $3.50? Save your $$$ I had been waiting for the releasing date!! I'm so excited! I love the lusty lakes' unique atmosphere as well as gameplay. Keep it up! Nice, depressing but so is life. Absolutely amazing stunning beautiful game I loved every second! I've played every single game and they are all well worth it!!!! Love the game controls and the over all feel of the white door I much prefer the gameplay of the original style. This one was trying too hard to be different and it lost me. The narrative has improved, but the puzzles rehash the original ones poorly with absolutely terrible additions (like the car driving) and the memory tests are borderline insulting at below-atari fun, or just plain confusing with hardly any intuitive use. No amount of storytelling can make up for the elimination of the series' beautiful dark simplicity, although i enjoyed the narrative. I think I liked it? Done in a couple hours? So far it's been great, but I find some of the controls to be difficult. Some elements require you to drag something but it won't register the movement even after moving the object multiple times. Spent 20 minutes just trying to drag something and I am stuck unable to get it to register. A bit short but worth it Another great game that was fairly simple compared to some of your games. The wait was worth the quality of this game. Boring compared to their previous games... Something different, something great... I loved it! Another amazing game by the Rusty Lake team. I have found a few gliches, but nothing game-breaking. One glitch is when I reached the credits, half of each name was cut off. I have played all the rusty lake games and this one was just as fun as the rest. The only thing I found is that it seemed to be a bit short. Nonetheless still a great game! SO GOOD! Rusty Lake thanks for an amazing game once again. Worth the wait !! Great game! I've been waiting for this and it paid off Love, love, loved it! Yes, it's short but beautiful. True cube fans get it. It's like being a Steven King fan. You love the 1000 page novels, but his short stories and novellas are no less important. My absolute favorite game universe. Bravo, fellas! Great game. Waited ages and it was worth it. Keep them coming!! Beautiful, wonderful , amazing , i love it !!! Nice It was a blast! Beautiful and different experience. Thank you 🖤 The worst game in the series. Too little too easy. Hope the get it together for the next one...if it gets done. I usually would never rte so badly but in comparison to what I know rusty lake can produce...this is just sad Love the Rusty Lake games and this one was very well done! It's shorter and not quite as challenging as their other games, and it's also more of an interactive novel, but I still enjoyed it quite a bit. Hope there will be another installment! Creative gameplay style, still links back to the original Rusty Lake characters and really enjoyed the game. But the puzzles and challenges were not as difficult as previous games and I finished playing within 5 hours. Awesome. I love Rusty Lake. I do feel this is a weaker title from them, but I still really enjoyed it. (Hence still 5 stars) Less dark than usual and the puzzles felt much easier than previous titles.(disclaimer: I have not unlocked all achievements yet. So I could be missing some challenging puzzles) While I feel it is a step backwards in difficulty and mood, it definitely is a step forward in narrative and story telling. I hope their next title finds a better balance. I'd be willing to pay much more. As a huge RL fan, this was disappointing. It was not at all challenging, and far too short for a premium game. Agree with previous reviews that this was more like an interactive story than a game. huge rusty lake fan and was very excited to play this! not too hard to work out but requires thought. I enjoyed all the references to the other games and I always get invested in the stories. So good to have a new Rusty Lake game! Worth it I have had so much fun playing the rusty lake games. This one was awful. The "puzzles" weren't even puzzles. There was nothing challenging to figure out. I finished the whole game in a little over two houra and it was all just storyline filler. There was no "game" to it. Horribly disappointed. Have played all previous games and got all achievements and was anxiously awaiting this release. I like the split screen idea, but you could have done so much better. Awesome! I love how I can go back and try to collect all the stars for extra games, it just keeps going! Excellent game, well done. Excellent experience, expect nothing more from rusty lake! Phenomenal, once again. This series is one the best I've ever played and, might I add, the only one I've been willing to pay for. Thank you for the experience. Amazing! Another great Rusty Lake game! Thanks another amazing game!!!! loved it a lot!! Exceptional, and as mysterious and interconnected to the rest of the Rusty Lake games. There were times where specific controls were required, and you'd sometimes forget what they were. Nonetheless, the in-game achievements and little Easter eggs blow any doubts away. It's definitely replay-able, and uses subtitling and chapters for clean neat reruns. Another successful premium game by Rusty Lake and a new beginning for The Second Maze! IT just fantastic! I really so happy that your games are in my life! Thanks ❤️ Just wow! Loved it. Everything you would expect from a rusty lake game. Great game but it's short for 3.49 usd. Will there be any update to add more mysteries? Because I can't play it any more it's finished Really enjoyed this game. I love all the Rusty Lakes games they never disappoint me 😍 Definitely the least fun of the rusty Lake games. Puzzles were easy and I feel like it was made to apply to a more broad audience, rather than keep the twisted rusty Lake identity. Nevertheless, the story is chilling as always, the game play sick and the characters really well made. In my opinion, stick to the previous style 😊 Great game! The story is great and I loved the way it had been built, the design. Everything was great and fun. I really liked the easter eggs from de previous games. All in all...this is an excellent game and it is really worth the money. Well done! Creative gameplay. Not as great as past Rusty Lake Games. I like the style, but it seems like I'm following along a story rather than the usual puzzles. Story is very nice and as usual visually pleasing. If you enjoy RL games for the gameplay, you might not love this. If you support them, enjoy the story and dont rush and let go of expectations, you will love this. Brilliant as always Rusty Lake and Cube Escape fans be aware: this is a visual novel, NOT an escape the room game. There are very few puzzles and they're very simple. The game is about Laura's ex boyfriend Bob Hill and takes place in the Rusty Lake universe, but it probably has as much connection to the main story as Hotel, rather than Paradise or Roots. It's a sweet story and I feel a bit wistful after playing. Fantastic as always from this series. Great atmosphere. This one felt a little short compared to some of the others, but I love it. Honestly hope there will be another game release soon.. I have been waiting almost a year to play another rusty lake and i finished this in like a hour.. This is the shortest rusty lake game i have ever played.. Loved it but a little disappointed tbh Absolutely stunning! Recently just beat the game and i gotta say...i didn't regret buying this masterpiece. It is also a little emotional but now i can see why. We also know Robert's past and why he is so unhappy! 5 stars for you guys :) Thank you for an amazing game! Another fantastic game from this fantastic studio. I've played all the Rusty Lake games to date and I've yet to be disappointed. Good puzzles, nice story and very pleasant graphics. A bit more lighthearted than their previous titles but you know you're playing a Rusty Lake game. No problem paying the small price to support this exceptional game studio. 10/10 as always. I really love this game. Thank you I love it so much! I cant wait for the next game! Enjoyable, not as tough as the previous games but I like this because of the slow and steady pace It's good. What a wild ride.. Well done, that sucked me in from beginning to end. I look forward to more from you guys. Bravo Another great game! Thanks! Loved it! I'm a big fan of the franchise. This gave a totally different gameplay but kept the same themes as previous games. I couldn't stop playing until I finished! Pretty straightforward game, riddles and puzzles are quite easy, you can finish in like 1h. Good atmosphere, but i was expecting more honestly. Let's see if they will release some new chapter or something. Gone are the days of inventory and flipping around in a cube in The White Door, but is necessarily a good thing? The White Door is much easier than previous games, but still worth the purchase. With a linear storyline and iconic graphics, The White Door ties in beautifully to other Rusty Lake games while still working as a stand-alone piece. It is more of an interactive story than a game, with a few brain teasers. It is sure to satisfy Rusty Lake fans. Honestly, I'm sad to put the 1 star.. but I paid 3.50 for a game I finished in a matter of hours.. disappointed at the price for such little game play. Amazing game Amazing. This collaboration from Second Maze and Rusty Lake is so well done. The game play has the classic Rusty Lake feel yet brings something new. Can't wait to replay and find all achievements. Rusty lake never dissapointed I've been a diehard Rusty Lake fan from the very beginning. Sadly this feels less like a game and more like an interactive story. Paying $4 for a less than 2 hour long game with little to no replay value is a bit disappointing. Games like Hotel and Roots were so interesting, creepy and challenging, but this one felt so flat. Occasional bug (e.g. being unable to move to a place sometimes) but excellent game from Rusty Lake as always The game is pretty fun, and interactive story puzzles are such a welcoming feature, finally I see that you have crafted the perfect formula for mixing both the storyline and puzzles in an engaging way. I would consider this one as a solid stepping stone for more storyline-rich games in the future. Lots and lots of callback for my obsession with the lore, and hell, for the first time ever, I struggle with finding all achievements! Nevertheless, my complaints are with the general: the game is quite short, the puzzles are much easier than usual. I still haven't got used to the new mechanic, since a sudden change from a 3-dimension cube to a 2-sided comic book pulls me out of the common immersive playthrough, when you play as first person. A combination of both mechanics would be nice, though it might seem risky. Look forward to any of your future titles! Love the series! This is an amazing addition. Gameplay is different with the split screen, control is smooth. The puzzles to me were easy, but finding the stars is proving a challenge. What makes this great is the flow of the story told through the gameplay& art and the vibe it evokes. Don't think you need to have played the previous games to enjoy, it can stand alone. But do! Cause they're wonderfully creepy&bizar but somehow still intuitive, with challenging puzzles & an overarching mythology. Lovely game as always! Ive been a long time fan of the rusty lake line of games and this one was worth the wait. I kinda enjoyed the narrative in this and while it was a little less scary than the rest, the part where you fill in the colors of the room made me a wee bit emotional 😅 anyway great job as always! Absolutely great as always. Thank you! Completed in 1 and half hour. Fantastic game! Awaiting more from Rusty Lake. Thanks Guys! I love the game. It is very short. But I did enjoy completing it Great as usual! Love the rusty lake team and the games they created! Thanks for bringing us these amazing puzzling games. I havent even played this one yet, Im about to do it, keep up the good work guys! I really love your games, the art style, story... everything is soo amazing! Already cannot wait for more! I played every game many times and just can't quite thank you enough for the quality time ive spend! Fantastic story, great puzzles. I love the cube escape games and this is a great add on game to the storyline Best game ever! Love it so much This was not to hard but fun and some of the puzzle I don't understand.overal it was very good. I will always love rusty lake. Absolutely amazing! I love this addition to the rusty lake universe and I'm working hard on doing the achievements now. Always great games Same ol' same ol' GREAT game from Rusty Lake!! The addition of second maze is a fantastic addition! Must have game of 2020! Can't progress past day 3 as one of the dominos is stuck. :( Waiting to hear back from devs so I can rewrite my review... Brilliant ❤️❤️ Never stop making games. I'm a huge fan of your work ❤️❤️❤️ The game is amazing! The ending is satisfying! OMG! BEST GAME FOR YEAR! Love Rusty Lake games! More please! 为什么我打开以后只要手机不小心锁屏了再打开游戏就直接黑屏啊== 必须重新下载才行 第一次觉得玩锈湖的游戏有点没有游戏体验... Beste game in de Play Store! Heel anders dan de eerdere games van Rusty Lake, maar nog precies passend in hetzelfde unieke straatje. Voor de mensen die bij de aftiteling denken dat het klaar is... Het is wel Rusty Lake. I waited for this game for a long time, I did enjoy it but completed it in less than an hour, I wish it was longer :-\ Amazing game, as usual. Thanks, guys. Great game, love the new format! Yet another masterpiece by Rusty Lake! The collaboration with Second Maze Studios gave a new perspective to Rusty Lake games. Looking forward to more of these collaborations. I pay for this game but its not installed on my phone. Why? Fix it or give back money I was really looking forward after having waited so long. I thought it was okay but I think the free Cube Escape rooms had better gameplay. I didn't think this was worth the premium paid compared to the likes of Hotel, Roots, Paradise and Paradox, though I might just get it on a sale if I hadn't paid full price. Anyway I hope that you will release more free games in the future. I'm already biased. I am a huge fan of the rusty Lake games. I think, they are the best in the point and click adventure games with a clear (as much as it can be) story line. I hope that there will be a continuing to this story. I really want to know more about the lake, and how its all connected. And what happen to the detective. Rusty lake delivered yet again. Great story and I had no issues with any bugs. Quite different game play from their other games but it's good to see them trying new things and it made a really interesting game I experienced it less scary than the previous games, maybe it is because the different set of place and music, but it is still worth to play! Game play is awesome, more interactive by more dragging and clicking through the game. Good job Rusty Lake and Second Maze! Simply awesome.....lots of conections with other games The game is bugging. On the 4th day when the alarm sounds, the Dr doesn't drop their card. I have tried entering the code from the walk-through but it says error on the computer. I love Rusty Lake games but I'm really annoyed at the bug. Can you pls sort it out? Another stellar entry in the series by Rusty Lake. The puzzles are not as challenging as the other games, but the story feels more flushed out and is a very satisfying addition to the universe. Simple graphics yet captivating gameplay with an intriguing story and great ambient soundtrack. My only issue was the item swiping since my swipes didn't seem to work; however, I learned it worked when I dragged and dropped (left or right). Thanks for the entertaining game! Loved it, just like the other games. Took me an hour or 2 to finish it. Would have loved it to be longer but definitely not complaining about content. Definitely worth the purchase. 💕 An amazing and immersive experience, I'd expect no less from this developer. It's fresh, subtly horrific and I've been continuously surprised not just by twists in the story but smaller actions in the game that I just wasn't expecting. Absolutely brilliant, highly recommend! Short one best $3 ever it was so fun, I had a blast, 10/10 recommended Good game! And don't miss the secret ending... Love the split frame style of this game. Less creeptastic compared to most of the other Rusty Lake games, but it was fun and tied in multiple elements from other games. Can't wait to play again to discover more. I am a huge fan of all Rusty Lake games. They are well thought out and always have a lovely but mildly disturbing theme. I have never encountered any glitches or bugs, they are seamless. It is a genre that they created and perfected. I have played them all multiple times. The only problem I have is they're never long enough, although that would be an issue no matter how long it took to complete. I am ready for the next installment. amazing Yet another great game in the line of Rusty Lake games! I recommend every one of these games to anyone who likes a story driven point and click Another amazing game by the makers of the Rusty Lake series. Glad to see they can still innovate, even after that many great games. I loved it! Both spooky and mysterious yet beautiful. I've always liked these games' art style and all the repeated symbols in each game. This was well worth the wait and I can't wait to see what the achievements unlock. I gotta say though, the corrupted soul is becoming ... strangely adorable to me, despite being kinda ... crazy. I believe I've played these sometime around the release of Theater, so that was a cool flashback to that game. LOVE THIS SOOOOO MUCH!!! THE STORY IS AWESOME AND THE PUZZLES ARE GREAT Well made. Challenging and thought-provoking puzzles. Finished in one sitting. Wish it were longer. Thank you. Beautifully done. Lovely music, controls worked well, wonderful gameplay. Another hit for the Rusty Lake Team! Just OK. I've really enjoyed all the other Rusty Lake games but this one just felt rather one-dimensional with repetitive puzzles and lots of random tapping. I thought it was also very expensive for such a short game. Beautiful game. Wonderful story. Hauntingly atmospheric music. Bravo. Been waiting for long but the experience was fantastic!The game has got a new perspective for storytelling,which perfectly gives out the story of Robert Hill. Loved the game nice to have some of the story line filled in with Laura. I don't know what sorcery yall did, but this game is amazing!!! Can never get enough of Rusty Lake! The game is in a brand new setting, but also expands on the previous games and the lore. Although this game lacks the intriguing rusty lake location, more elaborate puzzles, and scares, as compared to its predecessors, this is compensated by a more layered, psychological mystery, with new mechanics that, albeit more linear, offer a fresh spin on the escape genre, favoring local puzzles instead of item gathering/usage. Awesome controls, another great storyline too...loved the in memory of, was a nice touch, resonated with me. The best one yet. I'm only sorry it's over now! I've played every single rusty lake game and I must say that I'm really proud of you guys, all the references, everything about the white door is flawless, all the support from Brazil and I hope everyone's healthy ♥️ Great game, beautifully designed. Well worth the purchase. Thank you for creating this! I have not even played the game but I know it is going to be a five like every other rusty lake game. Awesome :) Brilliant as always!! Well done guys Have been looking forward to this since I first read about it. Great timing on release as well as have just finished the last of the released rusty lake series! Enjoying so far though am very disappointed to see still no wide screen display support! Im missing out on a third of my screen with every game so far ☹️ 😭so touch in the end,still the best game i ever played!, After playing all of the other Rusty Lake games this one has a very different vibe to it, but in a great way. The story telling is much more in depth yet still keeping true to the other Rusty Lake games this far. My absolute favorite developers and I can't wait to see what's next upcoming! Wonderful as usual!! I installed the game immediately after I got the notification that it was out, and played through it twice in a row. I love the split screen style and I really love the fact that we get so many details of the story from the main character's point of view!! The Rusty Lake games are by far my favorite games ever and as soon as a new one comes out, it's the best day ever!! And then I immediately want another game after I've played it!! Keep up the great work!!!!! Short absolutely amazing! A uniquely mysterious and captivating game. Beautiful artwork with an intriguing storyline. Puzzles that are challenging without being infuriating. Another lovely addition to the Rusty Lake family of games ♡ Really Great!!! Love the Rusty Lake games! This game was really fun and easy to play. Not quite as dark as the others, but definitely fills quite a bit of the overall story line. Actually kind of wholesome for a Rustly Lake game! Definitely quite a bit different then some of the others I've played. A couple of cons: the price seemed steep for the length of play time. I don't mind paying a bit for the games, but I prefer to have it take a bit. Also he puzzles were fairly easy Overall still an amazing game! Been waiting for this game since its announcement and so far it has not disappointed !! another incredible addition to the Rusty Lake series Very short and rather easy. Not worth £3! Unfortunately, probably my least favourite of all the Rusty Lake games! Beautiful story and so many easter eggs, but the game is too short.. I demand more! As always, pleased with the game. This one was interesting to play. I've only gone through once but will have to go through again to get all the star achievements. I only came across one. It was so awesome! I had been waiting so long for this game, and it was worth the wait. I finished it in less than hour! An absolutely emotional and breathtaking experience So beautiful. Different from the other games, but such a wonderful addition to the story. Worth wait and will continue support for the series! Excelent story and gameplay. You won't regret. Amazing hooked within minutes Awesome, as expected 😊 Just downloaded and started playing. Already my head gears are churning. I can't wait to see how this goes. I have every Rusty Lake/ Cube Escape game on my phone. So, this was a very easy purchase for me. I've been hungry for more since the amazing Paradox one you guys made. (The film was so good as well) I can't believe it's been so long since Hotel. I still play that game from time to time. Keep up the amazing work! I love these games! I love you. Love all your games, this one didn't disapoint! I wouldn't miss a Rusty Lake game for anything. TWD didn't disappoint. The gameplay flows, smooth and addictive as always, through puzzles and hints that won't have you throwing your phone through the window in frustration, but rather keep you pleasantly drifting in the onirical world you know so well by now. Thank you! ❤ Absolutely amazing! The Rusty Lake games NEVER disappoint! They're so well done and always leave me thinking a lot and The White Door is no exception: the atmosphere and music, as well the puzzles and story (oh how we love the story) are so beautiful! I'll keep playing and get all the achievements! Thank you Rusty Lake!!! It's a very big step for Rusty Lake to change the game style, and i loved it! But it may not worth the price cuz the game playing time is kinda short. I was expecting more contents or difficulties than "paradox". In short, I'd say it's fascinating to see the change of game and story style, but a 7 day treatment for Hill is not enough. Beautifully done, but so much of it was not fun or challenging Was fun. A bit too simple a bit short. But considering this is a completely new form of cute escape I'll let that slide. Hope next one will be longer Oh how I have been waiting for this! It sure was worth the wait! the game is perfect Just finished the game. It's seems different, very different. But still great. Thank you, Rusty Lake team Downloaded it as soon as it came out, and solved he main story in..about 2 hours. Wonderful gameplay and story, i had a few lags at first, which were quickly solved after restarting the game and they didnt happen again. A new installment of my favorite series living up to my expectations :) Before opening, I am sure it is a 5 star Wow. This looks absolutely phenomenal. Just as good as the other Rusty Lake games. Maybe even better. First guy to purchese install and play do I get something speciel? Completed this game, absolutely phenomenal from start the finish. One of the best surviving game I ever played This is an awesome game and I'm going to say this. No matter what difficulty you put in this game, it's challenging and you need to plan your days correctly. I hope you make more games like this cause this is awesome! Still amazing My type of game Great game Touch will not respond on google pixel 4a 5g Blast from the past. Played this on school computers back in middle school I don't play a lot of mobile games or zombie games but this game is excellent and clearly a premium game with no ads and the game play style is perfect for long or short play sessions since you can save at any point and pick up where you left off. Audio is step above typical games with great atmosphic ambiance , effects and a memorable hype track. I bought the game here and on Steam, both versions are identical but I'm a pc gamer. I love this game but buy Rebuild 3 which is even better. Old gold, from an era when games were good, rather than just advert laden reskins over and over. No loot boxes, no cooldowns, no pay for emotes or hats. Just a damn good game. So much fun! I honestly couldn't tear myself away for hours. It does become a bit easier as you play and you can change the difficulty accordingly so you can keep being challenged. Bought this because of the positive reviews, but after playing it I have to say that its not for me. Was hoping they would be more animation and get to see the actual zombies rather than splash screens. Its not a bad game, just not for me Great game, takes meback to when I used to play this as a flash game. Well worth buying on mobile I remember this game when it was on flash. Great game then, great game now. Won't find another game like it. Holds up pretty well. Winter basically Thanos snaps your community if you got all the squares tho. Just not that fun a game. Expand your town get new survivors. Over and over and over and over.......... I'm such a huge fan of Rebuild 3 I decided to try the original but the glitches of having a dark screen stuck on deterred my desire to play part one. Fun It's fun and replayable! No in app purchases or pay to win. Yay! Awful game I only played for a few minutes. I want a refund. It has been less than 48 hours and scum bag Google isn't listing a refund option. Refund me or I am reporting credit card fraud. Best android game I've ever played Strategic, Creative, Humorous, Dark. Needs more leadership choices. Idk what thia is lol Best. Game. Ever. Love the gameplay, love the price, love the graphics/audiotrack. Really great game! UPDATE: I also agree that a changelog on this page would be great. Winter surprised the Zed out of me! I always go back to this game God tier Love this game. Old animation Plz I've been playing this game on the computer for years, being able to have it on my phone is just amazing I just realized it's 3am!!! Fantastic game I used to play this game on Newgrounds, but with Flash going away, I'm glad this game was ported to mobile Worth every penny, I have been playing this amazing game since it first came out on newgrounds . Just keep coming back and back to this game Great game. Still come back to it years later. The difficulty curve is ruthless but not too hard. Make sure to train you solders. I cannot Express how much I love this game. I played it many years ago on the PC as a flash game. I searched and searched and couldn't remember the name and I FINALLY FOUND IT! Recruit survivors, expand and fortify your base, scavage for food and supplies in a last-man-on-earth zombie scenario. Atmospheric music. Sarah Northway has designed a slick and thoroughly enjoyable little game here. It's a fun game, good time killer. Good Just like the flash game, it's something you kill time with. Exactly as I remembered. 10/10 Great For Occupying Your Time, The art style feels like 2008 and i really love that sorta aesthetic. Very fun It's a good time killer I want credit for my guitar solo. I was there in the trailer park at doughnuts house. That's my guitar solo. This is an awesome game. Love Sim City? Love killing zombies? Wish there was a way to do both at the same time? This is it! This is a really good game. I remember playong back when it was a flash game on the internet, and it's still good to this day. but it's best not to start in winter unless you're looking for a rough time. Loved it on Kongregate. Love it on Google play, only issue is that they dont have the second one I loved this game on the PC, and I love it on mobile. One of the first and best flash games I played on PC. It's definitely worth the low cost to get this amazing game. It's pretty much the same game I played 8 years ago. A pretty good port. It's as good as mobile port of a 2011 Flash game can be. Absolutely wonderful game! It is simple and complex at the same time and of course.... Zombiesss! This is a fun game to pick up for a couple of hours. Little replayability but it's still there. Genuinely a fun game, managing resources and stuff. I'd highly recommend playing or at least looking into the online version of Rebuild 1 first, as this is mostly the same with some slight tweaks. I wish they kept all of the endings from the online version though. Fun game and easy to pick up. The tutorial is really bad. Music I did not like it. Won the game on easy and it was indeed very easy. Great story and detail This game is so good but more pop up options should show up like,a strange guy showed up at the gate today,he says he's from a old government base up north.follow him tomorrow,kill him as it might be an ambush or say we won't follow him but set up a trade route.could lead to being able to get an ending.please make more games like this. Absolutely in my top 3 favorite mobile games, if not in the top spot due to replayability, on top of the fun gameplay. Thank you, Northway! Love it! Had it on another phone, can't wait to install and play again!! Great game Love it Would be fine as a free game, but too repetitive. This game is a relaxing way to kill some time. I love this game. I've beaten all the modes and options now, however, so I'm going to uninstall it but thank you Northway games for the time I've had playing! Fun the first time then any cities after spring these retarded new features on you without telling you until you lose all your food in a winter and go insane from some guys selling "pork". Stay well away. Very logical and well thought out game. Aldi nostalgic. Highly recommend A solid management game and first title in this series. Really makes me interested in what the sequels have to offer! Great game! As fun as I remember from when I played it as a kid. Just enough management to make it fun, but not stressful One of my favorite zombie games Of all time good sound track some humor and super fun love the concept thanks for bringing this to phones Awesome! Huge replay value. Low learning curve. Some strategy. Really enjoy this game rebuild 3 tho killed it but it now if you live this one that one is best A classic. Super fun at first but hmm it seems to go bad at the ending when i choose to Leave City and make a new city now have no way of getting back to my main City which i build so much effort into it. And the games map should expand a little more. With new things to do for fun. Fun is important in ANy games. It gets repetitive that's Why u need to add Fun in it. Kinda wish after all these years they might of added something to make it newer and funner especially since you gotta pay a couple bucks to even download it. It's still fun but I'm disappointed Amazing 10/10. Comes from a smaller team of developers, aswell. Graphics got way better in the second and 3rd games. Old game I played for free when I was young This is like a city management game with zombies that focuses on fun and not pestering players with notifications, currencies, or the other annoyances you'll find in other "free" mobile games. Pretty good game. I wish it wasn't zombie's. It would be a really good post nuclear Holocaust game. love it I played the flash version, then saw it was on mobile, and with new features. It's awesome, trying to survive hordes of zombies. While also trying to keep the entire survivor group alive and happy, it's very fun. Highly recommend. Is just a fun addictive zombie survival game. Works reasonably well. S10 works even without patch one of my favorite games! used to play this in school good ass mobile model It's a wonderful game, but I'm not sure why it costs money when you can get if for free on Kongregate... I played this game back when it first came out on NG. I was addicted then, and I'm addicted now - a decade later. The app is incredibly accurate and true to the original gaming experience, with new features that enhance the gameplay. The app runs really well and the transition from a flash game has worked really well. I'm so glad that the best flash game I ever played went to the Android platform. Kudos to you! Doesn't work on the Galaxy S10. Game window is tiny, not even a tenth of the screen. awesome game. addictive. It gets boring after the first playthrough. Lots of fun with great re-play experience built into the game- very entertaining and relaxing! Best game I've played in years! screen super small loved this game for years played it since i was a kid married now still love it its a great game. very fun! figuring out survivor skills can be tedious at times especially when you have very highly leveled survivors that you've carried over to another city. biggest issue for me is a lack of google play achievements. i really love 100% completion as it gives me a reason to keep playing past winning the game at superhard. this didnt have achievements so my gametime was kind of short. if this wasn't such a niche issue for most people it would've affected my rating more. endless fun its a good game but felt limited i enjoyed it but was hoping for alot more luckily rebuild 3 fixed that up just nicely One of my all time favorites. This is such a fun strategy game The game is still fun, and that's 6 years after I've initially bought it. Multiple difficulty modes, map sizes, victory conditions... and not a microtransaction or ad to be seen. You get what you pay for. Not a complex game, but a great way to kill time and write your own story for the desperate, hardened group of survivors under your care. More of a simulation game with events being abstracted by numbers and diary notes from the survivors. Fun to play, I used to play this back when I was a kid on the computer. However, the difficulties are a bit wonky. Everything up to and including challenging is super easy, but once you pick "seriously hard", you cant get a leg up. Constant raids, no food, everyone dies randomly despite there being no risk of it. Makes the game less entertaining and more just "Alright, im done, whatever" Played the game in flash back in the day. loved it then and love it now. great game. addictive! I can spend hours on this game, and it is always something I keep coming back to. Not by any means an overly complex game, but it can become extremely challenging. Great game for lower spec devices as well. Was great but winter came in and lasts way too long. Game becomes impossible unless you get a good map on higher difficulties. Excellent turn-based survival management sim. Similar in some ways to Zafehouse Diaries, but far less complex while more visually interesting. It's the perfect sort of management sim for the mobile platform. just the rebuild 2 flash game for a phone! got it for a dollar, and it was worth every penny Game was tiny on my S10+. Picture in picture size. Unplayable. I played this when it was out on arcadegames... Does anyone know where I can find the first Rebuild game... with all the generic white people? I loved this one too, but there is a special place in my heart for more than one Rebuild game Won't run on s10+ Very nice port from the flash version, with saving. I've never had issues with it. A classic. love it been a fan since i found it on kongregate Actually an enjoyable game after you get into it. It's a bit weird at first but so captivating after you figure it out. screen was very very small on s10+ maybe isn't supported for this phone yet i want a refund it's a good game i just don't play it any more great game. so much fun This game was decent when I started playing. Now all it does is freeze. It's unplayable for me. Galaxy Note 8 would give it a 5 star but the screen size on the Samsung galaxy s10 is too small fun at challenging, anything more is rediculous is there a rebuild 2 ? I've given my verdict and it a great zombie rebuilder survival game. Different possibility turn based replayability. Great game. This game could use a warning when you're about to overwrite a save file Man oh man!!! the GOD DAME MEMORIES, are coming to me again!! I loved this game when I was 12 and I'm still loving it today at 23. Hope they keep updating it. memories and great fun. way better than 3 I started playing this as the desktop version and the mobile version is amazing. The addition b of winter and other obstacles has added more depth and re playability to the game ( not that it struggled in that department). Maybe add the ability for store houses and greenhouses for advanced builders only to create and a separate farmer skill? Fun to play, until it became unplayable. Really hoping for an update so i can play it again. Not bad but is very basic. Best skip this and go straight for the sequel instead. This game is awesome as it is the most unique zombie game out there. Your most valuable resource is survivors that help make your every move possible. As the game progresses every decision becomes more and more critical. For a very edgy experience with possible death at every corner BUY THIS!!!! I played this game initially through my web browser on a typical PC.I remember it being a bit of a challenge to begin with, whilst you found your feet.However,after(more than)a few failed starts, and redos, and reloads..I finally understood the game.Since then I've been hooked. It's the only Mobile Game I've ever paid for!Say No No Yes No No Yes No No *explosion* yes no no yes and finally... Pineapple and you win Rebuild *so* hard you make Utopia!Enjoy! New Players, Welcome! ProfessorRaddish ^-^ game is fum price is a ripoff i can play this exact game online 4 free no money 0$ and yet i uqve to pay here only way in hell i ever thoight of huying this was cpus it wuz on sail The game had issues for me on my phone at first, then began to work. took a few days to get to support and they refunded me for it. I think this game is fun and well executed I've played this game back when it was still in NG and Kong and I have to say, not only does it capture the same feeling of the flash game, it has improved on it since, having added several new features exclusively to this version of the game. It's not a free game but, it was worth what payed for. There are no in game ads, so it's very unintrusive, and the controls have been ported quite seamlessly for touch screen use. best mobile game I've played First time out I played the easy mode as a "tutorial" , way to easy so next time out i stepped it up a notch. Wow, talk about unbalanced difficulty levels. You either starve to death within a few rounds, or you scavenge for scraps to keep people fed and everyone gets injured and the dead take over the city because you have no one to guard the fort. Not a bad concept, just badly implemented. Unistalled, guess im out $3. I've loved this game since its flash version on PC, when it was Rebuild 2, and lemme tell ya'll; This is a game you can play again and again and never grow bored of. Multiple endings, dozens of scenarios, difficulty and town size, all of these things create a massively different game each time its picked up. You can even beat the game and still lose after its ending. It was one of my favorite games of all time before, and it's become my favorite all over again. Played it on PC before. Was awesome. Still awesome! Keep coming back to this game. Challenging, addictive, and doesn’t bug me for money. Fun and light-hearted way to pass time. Difficulty adjustable and different types of endings possible. One word , its great. Addictive, more fun than Rebuild 3 Honestly one of my favorite games! Was a little upset since I discovered this game on my Kindle Fire and downloaded it for free! But since I do LOVE the game, paying for it wasn't a total problem but definitely not totally happy about it. Worth playing. Too short and easy but great concept This was one of my favorite flash games, and it's worth a couple dollars to support the creators and have this great strategy game on your phone. Very fun for the price and age of the game. Go ahead and buy it guys, it's worth the couple bucks Rating + title + logic = ... Fun and addicting Good way to pass the time. Old school type build game where you build your fort and research tech to  withstand zombie attacks. Takes strategy to survive the winter. Love all  her Zombie rebuild games. Be sure to pick this up, the replay value is  immense! Won't open on my device (Pixel 2 XL). Liked the old flash game but hope it  gets updated to work on my device. Always lovely to pick up and see how fast i can burn through it. It's very good game. I think it's less cartoony then the third one. Which  is why I like it more. Had fun with it, but it get's repetitive after you unlock most of the  events. Still a good game though. Since this is a strategy game, you should be able to choose what side you  want to be, in this case, it would be humans, as the player, or zombies as  the player, so, there should be a zombies game mode! :) Fun game One problem is I can't delete saved games so I have to stop playing Fun, different I remember this game from Newgrounds, back in the day. I would spend hours  playing, sometimes all night. Something about it just kept me wanting to  play more. I even bought the soundtrack from Amazon, The Talking Book. ...  Now, rediscovering the game all these years later, I still find it pretty  captivating. Nicely done. The best addictive game I've ever played. Liked the game, but it had very little replayability. I highly suggest you  upgrade to Rebuild 3 if you enjoyed this one. Loving this game! It's an interesting turn-based resource management and  survival game. The zombie theme just makes it fun. Naming the survivors is  a cool feature. Great Game is super fun, takes time to learn exactly how to play though Now THIS is rebuild, I loved playing this on new grounds a long time ago.  Best challenging game ever. Better than rebuild 3 This is 1 of the dumbest games I have ever played. You actually just click  on buildings, people, etc. Then end the day. After each day you read small  hard to read words in a letter format that tell the results of your  clicking. I don't know how people sit thru this. So boring. No action and  requires to much time to figure out the results of your clicking. After 1  game, I'd get a refund if I could. If watching paint dry is your idea of  fun, then this is the game for you. Otherwise, skip it. I played this game years ago on kongregate and I just rediscovered it now  and im loving every second it's just as fun as I remember it One of, if not the favorite of all my games. The developer of this game was  also very helpful a good long while ago when I initially downloaded the  game. Loved this one, loved the sequel. Loved the concept, and dynamics.  Can't praise the game or developer enough. Basically a 4X turn based game.  Really addictive and fun, easy to pick up but also strategic.  Nice job on this one guys! Great game. Would really like it if they had a link to some instructions.  But I am hooked, I am going for 365 days, then I'll start over again. I  wish there was a way to fortify where a zed attack was coming. Samsung tab  e no trouble. It's an awesome pc classic Gj More addicting that Child meth (aka adderall) Very entertaining, great controls, works well on Android devices. Amazingly fun A game I don't play usley but this I do love it different story of ending and you can play easy or medium or hard so pay and play. Lol Good but boring after you beat it a lot. I love playing this game every time you play it it's a different Love ittttt Good game for the price. Gave it a couple replays. Great game.. it's was fun finding the various endings. Way too simple and redundant Almost like the pc version IS i hope there is updates in the future!!!! Loved it just said too many bad word's. Just make sire your old enough to handle it. Very Addictive but can get repetitive. Love this game. And the choices you make, create a different story line each time. Such fun to play, I've found 3 endings so far, feels infinitely playable. Lots of fun. There aren't any graphics to describe as it's a picture game but regardless the plot and gameplay more than make up for any shortcomings. P very good game I salute you Fun game, excellent time waster :)  easy tonplay Good game over all Best zombie strategy game on the market. I love this game it's a great time killer game Easy to manage and challenging strategics. The settings are quite easy to handle as well. I had a great gameplay experience overall. Addictive, and pretty good for battery life. Really like to have some more story lines, but mostly it's amazing. Has pointless level which can not be won. Kills off all you people if you start to succeed.  I'm deleting app. Tired of playing the no win level. Why the stupidity of having it. I like it Played on PC it's awesome! Glad its on the Phone! The game is very intriguing but I'm not exactly sure what to do a majority of the time. I don't know if i'm just dense or what but I think you should put out a general guide on what to do, especially when it comes to how to use the survivors and build up their skills if it's possible. Other than needing more directions I think it's a good game and a job well done. I'll gladly give it a higher rating once I understand the game more. Brilliantly simple strategy game, with enough difficulty levels to give you a real challenge. As a fan of turn based strategies I have kept coming back to this for years now, always enjoyable. Now for one more quest, and to see if I can master impossible.. Music 10/10 Gameplay 8/10 Annoying bugs: 0 Fun to abuse glitches: 0 See.s nice I've just reinstalled this and it is absolutely brilliant, highly recommended if you like story based survival Balanced story and strong game play. A real game among pay to win traps. I've spent so many hours playing this game over the last several years, and it hasn't gotten old. I once had a small glitch that seemed localized to the device I was using at the time, and Sarah, the developer, went out of her way to program a modified version of the app for me to try. If you like this game, I recommend checking out the other games made by them as well. Still great in 2017 LOVE LOVE LOVE this game. Really good strategy game with nice stories and mecahnics. It is worth the $3 Fun throwback game, made me feel like a little kid again Long ago, I spent many hours playing this instead of sleeping. Very addictive and fun. P e r f e c t i o n    But the chosen ones ending was messed up tbh Love this game to peices Love the victory options. Awesome world re-builder No fun I normally don't like to review games, but I personally love all of her games. They've just been getting better! Awesome to be able to play on my phone! Thanks Another video game version of crack. C'mon, just try it already! Amazing game. One of my all time favorites. Simple, fun, and addicting! It worked properly and didn't cheat me which is more than I can say for most google games. Could use additional different buildings and incorporate vehicles more as well as adding some more weapons imo. Good job Northway. Some glitch? I like it. Maybe a few things I don't like. Like equipping only one item to boost one stat. Other than that it's pretty decent I remember playing this game on Newsgrounds and this is the same great game is now portable format! I've give this game 5 stars and got it for an sweet discount!! You guys rock! I love that it got no IAP nor DLC scams at all. I admired you awesome developers for making this game full well out the box and worth the investment Very solid game, replay value may be low, but it's very fun combining strategy with story Highly recommend I like it. The game is well made and it's a fun since game This Is DENFINITY worth the money and a actually think it should cost more My favourite game ever. It takes time to learn therefore i advise reading tips online first. I personally have fixed the helicopter & gone to a new city only to try and fix the helicopter again but failed :/. I loveeee this game. This is everything I want in a zombie game. I love it! One of the best visual novels Ive every played. Good tension and well paced even with multiple endings... Superb job dev Good replayability, controls, and difficulty levels. You can make the game take as much or as little time as you like, and you can piggyback games for continuity. This is a GREAT zombie game......I really love how it adds that strategy game vibe to it, which makes this game even better Fun and interesting. Multiple endings keep you replaying. Incredible. It's addictive, challenging, and has actual strategy. This is definitely worth your time. Awesome game, similar to State of decay A fun time waster Old school fun. It is just fun I've loved Rebuild for years. I play it over and over again. Low stress because you play at your pace and chosen difficulty level, no timer counting down while you maniacally click all over the screen. Never have been able to beat the two hardest levels, though. I usually don't spend real money to play games on my phone, but I am considering Rebuild 3. So cool no bugs best survival game since minecraft Really amazing options to let me decide Good theory, put into practice well, easy to learn, harder, but not impossible to master, absolutely brilliant, 5 stars worthy Easy to understand gameplay, strategic without being overbearing. Only complaint are some random events where someone dies seemingly without any cause or reason Totally luv this game, especially the ability to leave the city at the end with your fav characters WITH tools they have also. Big Cheers for Dev :0) Love it very hard and difficult to make decisions but still its my favorite game thats why i rate it 5 Awesome! Every time I try to install the app it won't install plz help me It's as fun as it was on the computer Absolutely LOVE this game. I really want to try the newest one but its the day before payday, so im anxiously waiting till i get paid and enjoying this one again in the meantime.  Recommended to all!! One of my favorite gaming apps. Iz güd I have no exact idea why, but I love this game.  Third time I've installed it. Fun, good looking, atmospheric music, variable difficulty settings, great quality writing, various endings to find, moral gameplay choices to make, lots of different ways to play. I wish there were more games like this. Great game with solid replay. Love the music, already earned all endings and reclaimed huge level city on impossible. Great experience. Or at least survive it. This is a good blend of city building, exploration, and resource management. I like that I get to keep a few characters for the next city if I win. Love it It's worth it Minimalistically atmospheric, engrossing game with just the right depth for a pick up and go experience. Difficulty levels will keep you busy for a long time. Love the fact that there's no in app purchases. I loathe...in-app...purchases. however the teen content rating is inaccurate...with bad language and multiple references and active decision making elements involving prostitution, this is a MATURE game only. Incidentally, those mature elements are unnecessary to the game experience and should be purged. Needs some work, but its really fun After a while it's useless it's the same thing over and over. Lots of play and replay that will keep you entertained for days. Don't play if you have children. Neglecting children is bad. Amazing game, very addictive! Love the whole apocalyptic rebuild of town and what's not to love about zombies I can play this for hours and not get bored Love this one and love the new one. You guys rock. Its okay when you play it the 1st time, then you finish the game after a day.. And.. That's it ... I paid for a day's entertainment.. Once you've completed it, its done Simple gameplay mechanics that keep you interested but got boring quickly. Becomes repetitive and a bit of a grind If you like The Sims, or any old school text games like Zork, you have found a jewel. If you like horror survival games, strategy games, or things like AMC's The Walking Dead, you have found a gem. If you like games with fluctuating difficulty and randomness, you found a treasure. If you like all these things you found the best four star game ever made. (Four stars because of the need for more realism and variety and a story mode to get a deeper feel. I rated this game 5 stars because there is a sequel ) I like the concept of it. Survival simulation how it is supposed to be. I do wish there were more features such as in town activities. I'm looking forward to Rebuild 3. Hopefully there are more features to enjoy. Amazingly fun and addictive. Fun, addictive, good replayability. One of the best lite turn based 4X strategy game in any platform. great game This is the best thing I have played in a long time! You should try it! It's a good game and I like it but only the maps are small,but other than that it's a very good game. Great game,keeps you busy. Played this on PC years ago. Still fun and well developed A bit clunky with some of the touch controls, but a pretty good game. Hard to play Fun at first but doesn't have much longevity I've always loved turn based games, this has been one of my favorites for a long time. 100% worth it! Stays pretty knew im to second town Love it I used to play versions of this game on the Internet when I was little and this one is just as amazing, if not, more so. Great strategy game, with several endings making you want to play it over and over. Very tower defence and resource strategy based. Lots of interesting decisions to take. Really good example of this type of game. addicting just like on kongregate Great game, great mechanics and great setting. Good job. Easy to use interface, replayable and just plan fun. Best game on here. I love the game just a P.I.T.A. to read with the microscopic letters hurts my eyes wish there was a zoom or bigger bolder letter option! Better than pc... lack of updates make it abit dull bit its fun Best original idea in a while! Awesome strategy game, highly recommended I bought the game, but when I tried to open it the screen was just black. Needs more gameplay updates I want you to take out the church of the chosen ones I beat the game on the hardest level yay....... wow two years now.... Gonna reget the game and beat it again but this time on a different downgraded phone.. So sad I bought this year's ago and I still play it😊 Great game Quite a fun game but not that much replayabililty. I played through once in like an hour or so and now I'm done with the game. Happy to pay the price though for the entertainment. It was just a nice simple fun game. Good fun for the money Its was great i felt a thrill all the way till the end. Also i feel it would be better if the levels of the hordes change like 50 zombies then 100 or 50 with weapons. But overall it bwas a great game an i shared it with my friends. For the money it ended quick. But very addictive and fun Great little strategy Cool Lots of stuff in this game. Fun. Solid game. Gets a bit repetitive over time, but good fit several playthroughs. Awesome and good Good building and management game. Less emphasis on killing and more on character building and defense strategy. Enjoyable on all levels and city sizes. Better than expected. An entertaining game that can have the difficulty adjusted and does not eat the battery. Looking forward to playing the sequel great game needs to be lot lot longer but good game Requested refund game sucks Cool little game Fun game rebuild 3 is even better! Cant wait to see whats next It's a bit of a new twist on zompocalypse games, pretty fun. I recommend this game if you enjoy post appocolyptic and strategy I am so hooked on this game. Love it on the computer and the phone "Not complaining, it's hard to choose between the pros and cons.awesome game." No problem at all with the game fun addictive and well made Repetitive. No replay value. Thin story Favorite Game! I've loved this game ever since I was 12. I've played on the PC and this is just like it. 10/10 Love this game, play it regularly and never gets dull, it becomes predictable, but never dull it has some bugs but really good The concept of the game should have made Rebuild worth buying. Unfortunately its very basic gameplay, uninteresting approach to characters (no personality to make you care about them) make this a game to avoid. A nice casual game with great side stories that pop up on different days. It's fairly repetitive but nonetheless fun. I love this game on the pc but on mobile its even better There is really a short game. 15 min and you are finished It's very cool Game is a little too linear.  Maps are quite small. I found it nearly impossible to lose Good game, addicting to conquer the whole city and be food sufficient It's a great game and it uses remarkably little battery power. Fun and addictive Best zombie strategy on my phone for free Feels super easy but still amazing game Ok I bought this game quite a long time ago but never really enjoyed it. Can I have my money back? Better than then the pc version I always come back and play the game every few months. Zombie games may be a little over played but the game play here is solid and entertaining. My favorite city manager game of all time. Been looking for a good game for ages. This is great! Plus no special permissions! Finally a Dev who respects our privacy. :) Love this game! It's an all right game until you start playing the more difficult settings. The more difficult settings include one of your men dying every other turn of an illness , not very original and after the 4th or 5th guy dies of an illness you're pretty much like f*** this s***. Fun zombie game that plays like a board game and offers quite a bit of replay. Zombie survival rts . Rpg aspects. My kind of genre certainly appeals An awesomely stupid way to lose hours of your day! Play till your fingers bleed and your eyes water! You'll walk away for awhile, then crawl back and go at it again! Fun! However I got this one thinking the other rebuild games were sequels. They are not. Get the new ones instead of sinking your money here. I just love it, I've played it since I was 7 I'm sorry but I can't send a message on Rebuild 3. I bought 3 day one and the very first update caused it to be incompatible with my device! Cool game.plethora of options to rebuild ur city with multiple endings.....njoyed it alot Decent game. Captain hindsight wouldn't have paid for it I  loved playing this.  Can't  wait to play again with different outcomes.  Looking forward to Rebuild 2 &  3! The replay value of a game like this with rgn layouts, search results, and percent based combat is insane. Eek worth the purchase. Fast and repetitive Love it I loved rebuild in highschool i skipped a lot of work time for it. Time well spent and money well spent I refused to buy games that are in-app purchase.  This game make me think and plan ahead.   It kept me busy for hours.  It uses very low battery because it's not a heavy graphic game. And that's what you have here.  Go on missions for food,  supplies and survivors fight off hoards.  Research tech.  Like State of Decay for Xbox but a strategy only version.  And almost as addictive.. Great job ! Looking forward to more. Wish it was longer Fun needs an update with more story lines, Developers seem to have forgotten this app (except the $). No Updates in forever... Changed to dislike. Bye bye time! Soooo good! Love being able to carry characters to new towns! I'm ain't paying 10 bucks for a game on steam that is 5 on pocket. Oh and rebuild 2 is free there just a fee on pocket I played this first as a flash game on my laptop, and really enjoyed it.  The mobile version added a few fun diversions, and the result is a great time killer, though not terribly challenging once you've played it through a few times. It's as though a two year old made this. It is dull, repetative, and is probably the ugliest poorly made game on Android. Stay Away. Good, fun time filler It's definitely not bad, this was not the game I was expecting to but, for 1 the graphics are just less.... Too late to take my money back now, anyways. I decided to give it a second shot, and if not up to the 2.99 it was worth, then it's getting 1 star. Too many fun hours playing! Graphics.... Gameplay.... One of the worst ive played honestly Really cool game. It's more of a sim/tower defense game than FPS like a lot of zombie games, which is what I was hoping for. Create a character, organize survivors, build your fort and fight off attacks. Other reviewers said they beat it too quickly, but I think there's a lot of replay value. Pretty great game. Definitely worth the dollar. Make an expansion! Great little game if you like turn based strategy I got it at full price. No in game purchase and support offline play are great features. Go play it!! Been looking for a diffrent flavor of zombie game for android, and Rebuild has answered my prayers. It has simple yet deep gameplay. This game is unique, I can see myself playing this for a good while. Just a pretty fun game Great game just a little to easy to win Just like the computer version except for more options! Love it A1+ Developer and game.  Developer listens to bug reports and is fast to fix them!! I only wish I could make whatever I wanted to with each building. Awesome Great game. played it on PC loved it happy they made for phone. Disappointed I had to but it though. I have an Idea: greenhouses, they would allow you to make food on winter, either research or as a random building What the hell don't  build any church my people committed suicide and then I died from starvation Great game with a high replay value, keep on returning to it after a while I finally found a game where I feel like I am actually participating in what's going on. The atmosphere and soundtrack is perfect and really draws you in.    I wanted a game that made me feel like I was in a Walking Dead episode, and this is it. Five Stars! Cant stop playing it Addictive and very fun! There was no tutorial or anything, and the game makes no sense, nothing happens, ever. Seriously regret paying for this game, but I understand why there is no free trial... Good game and quite addictive Addictive and fun... This is just a great game but could you keep the app an offline app. And could you add more things like more then 5 abilities a survivor can have. Like can you add a 6th one. And also could you make an even bigger map? And more and new types of buildings please?  But otherwise Awesome Game! Get it get it get it!! I never lost a mission  although I did lose people.. at some point near the end it became a tap tap tap game as that's all there was left to do for reclaiming other  buildings. Even the "action" was predictable... addictive  at 1st,  monotonous towards the end. Really loving this game, and normally I don't care about mobile gaming (more of a console/pc gaming fan). The one thing that would make Rebuild better would be cloud saves so I can move between playing on my phone & tablet. I got bored after 2 cities. Too expensive for a simple game. Can I get a refund? Well thought out, easy to understand but you must pay attention to the skills of your team members! Really enjoyable game! I was hooked and had loads of fun for a few days. Certainly got my 99 cents worth, but eventuality I wanted a little more complexity. I like the concept enough that I will try the sequel, which I hear has a lot more variables. Really enjoy playing this game  :) First played on Kongregate and loved it there.   Very happy with how it transferred to mobile.  Wonderful to see a Canadian female developer being successful.  The music, pacing and ramp up of difficulty is just right. It's nice Amazing This game is funny and interesting.  I like that you can turn bad language on or off. I've played through 3 times already! And I'll probably do another 20! Ridiculous portraits, but addictive. I found it visually displeasing. Some of the numbers intersect with the map. There isn't exactly an explanation of the emblems that correspond to the skills. I certainly like the idea but I couldn't get into it for some reason. I hope there will be a upgrade soon...Once you get the hang of making your men strong n having plenty of food,killing zombies is a breeze. I love how intense the next raid of zombies become. Decent game I played this for a while and got bored, I uninstalled it but gave me no refund?! Give me back my money. This is not a good game... CAN'T WAIT TO GET PT 3 Lovin it. A breath of fresh air. Back to the game. :) I remember playing this on computer.its awesome that tere is a mobile app for this.also awesome comic pictures Above average zombie strategy game that allows for multiple win strategies.  If you want realism, this isn't it as difficulty is weighed by how often your fort will be attacked by ever increasing hordes of zombies.  No real strategy needed, just recruit as many people to join as fodder against the horde.  Limited playability once you played it through to all the win possibilties.  Can actually meet a win criteria within an hour or so or play to the end for another hour of play. Simple and addictive gameplay. Wish it last longer although replayability is there. Great game Can spend hours at a time playing this game. Just so good Not as awesome as Rebuild 3, but definitely with buying and playing!!! Really good game. Replay value doesn't last though. Adding rpg elements and expanding on some quests would be great. Very good for the low cost; not sure who is rating it 5 star. Good but not excellent! The building select needs to be fixed but otherwise a good game. Brilliant game Has all the main components one would imagine needs to be managed in a zombie apocalypse but remains simple enough to understand and easy to learn. A very nice interface makes it easy to get all the information you need. One complaint is moving equipment from one survivor to another can be tedious. One of the BEST turn based strategy games ever, top notch resource management, and a great story to boot!  The only time i EVER won on impossible was with a best-of squad from a previous game, so i have yet to achieve true dominance.  There is always a goal to try for.  Highly recommended by me, it never gets old! Need more games like this great concept loved i I want more!!! The game itself is great but it just doesnt have any replay value what so ever please update to add more features thanks 😂👌 Not a great deal of depth, but fun Beat game ever Few zombie games have given me so many hours of entertainment as this one. Tried to play this game twice but both times it crashed within ten mins. Disappointed. Have both easy and tough mode that test your skills I first played this game on PC and it did not fail so I give five stars before I even play it on Android! Really fun game but it gets repetetive after a while I used to play this for days on my computer. Can't wait to have it on the go as well!!! Such a fun game!! Definitely takes time up when you're bored. Cool then boring The game play is interesting and the story options are interesting. But it could be better with more strategy or in-depth options for gameplay. The graphics for the characters could also be smoother. But overall it's pretty interesting and it would be nice if they did some updates or expansions (at no additional cost). I love this game a lot,  played since I was like 7, and when I got a phone and downloaded it was free, I dony know why they did this but I'll but to play since I love it so much and it brings back memories. This game is amazing  can't wait for deadsville Good game. Great game I find myself playing this game every chance i get...even when i don't have time i am still hoping to get even 5 minutes in Awesome game, think the sequel will be even better and cant wait for it to be released! Interesting game but gets repetitive pretty quick. Just wish there was more! Good wholesome zombie fun. Replay value his pretty high, especially if you've got a variety of other games to mix in with it. Worth a buy. I have downloaded this game on every phone i have had... I love it!! I do wish that the Play Store carried parts 2 and 3 however. Addictive Good start, a little easy but is addictive and has lots of potential for expansion, the scripts that the characters come up with are funny too! I can't get enough of this game! It does feel kindof slow though. I love playing rebuild 3 and I think Sarah did a great job on it and made it absolutely fantastic. Thanks Sarah for the best action ,survival ,zombie game available on the app store. Good, luck on rebuild 3 and you'll be seeing me melting my eyes into that one as well. :D:D:D I played this game countless times online. I'm happy to show the dev some support by buying the mobile version. They've made the move to mobile very well and made several improvements on the way. Instantly addictive game play!! The downside is there is really a very limited amount of strategy involved so the game becomes very repetitive very fast... Impressed This is easily the best game I've play on my tablet and I've played a lot of games on it! I plan to buy the newest one on Steam soon too. Love it! Amazing +doesn't even need wifi If there was more to.the game I would have given it 5 stars. Really fun, well designed, well written. Love playing this on different difficulty settings to see how well I can do. Lots of fun Can't wait for the new version to come out! Just can't stop playin it Omg ita 5am where does the time go!? Oh no its 4pm. I have now missed work... It was a great game but alittle multiplayer would be nice and actually fighting zombies would  cool instead  of random roll generator based on defence also rase skills higher or make equipment more use full  but on the whole still a lot of fun I love this game one of the best I've ever played there are also multiple endings and city saves the game is basically ur choice best game of the year I think buy it if ur interested in it! I like the choices you have to make. Hours of fun Fun game. Great way to kill some time at work. Awesome turn based strategy game. Good gameplay customization, and you can even use characters in past games for new cities if you fix the helicopter. Played the original so was pleasantly surprised to find a proper port to android. Highly recommended. Very awesome! Worth 10x the price. No IAP. A true ♢♢♢HIDDEN GEM ♢♢♢ A RARE FIND. Buy this game asap. You won't be disappointed!!! I people all was die in winter 560 food going Awesome game.  Ran well.  Loved it! Good game & very addictive. Love the stories, music, gameplay, & the concept of survival n rebuilding your own ideal city. I hope there will be a Rebuild 2 in the future with more exciting stories & more complex gameplay. I'm having a good time playing Rebuild. This is a good port of the online game. Couple bugs still but worth support of purchasing. Has replay value as well. Nice needs more tech ,weapon, Dumb as hell Fun, well written, smooth play.  Would buy something from Sarah in the future. What a fantastic game! Great little story to go with the game and easy to understand. Great job by the developer! I like this game Awesome Just plain fun. Sarcastic commentary on random events adds just enough humor. Can't wait for final Rebuild 3.... Still awesome, but Rebuild 3 is more awesome. Very entertaining good game So goad this was ported over to the phone I could play it all day now Great game and love the retrolike animations during zombie attacks. A bit to much of a sandbox game but still amazing It's not the deepest game but its exactly as advertised. It's fun and challenging I've enjoyed it immensely and am now looking forward to the next one. Brilliant game with massive replayability. Once I beat it I didn't feel like playing again. Kind of easy but pretty fun while it lasts Story line is awesome, more character customization and scenery change would be great. Desert fallout,etc. It is so much fun Amazing I've been playing the rebuild series for a while and the fact there are multiple ways of winning/losing give this game great re-play. And the events that happen make it that much harder and fun!! I pre-oredered rebuild 3 beta and already looking forward to seeing what Sarah Northway has in store for us next!! Keep up the great work Sarah!! I Bought this game on the recommendation that it's a good way to satisfy my desire for fallout shelter. It certainly did the job... But it's a bit hard to recommend this game now because I played rebuild 3 (not available on android yet except for beta) on the computer and it's such a better game in comparison... Regardless, this game is great. If you like those free to play collection games (farmville) but hate to wait, give rebuild a try. Worth the money. Love this game, can choose small, med, or large maps, and variety of difficulties.  Research sciences to upgrade efficiency. No further purchases needed for upgrades. Allocate your resources wisely and kick zombie ash!!  Good luck.  Youll need it I cant keep survivors happy! And they should add more to it. Awesome Loved it on the computer, love  it here. Like I said. Good mechanics, fun gameplay. Special mention to continuing the game after completing one of the game end objective, loved that. Can play  it for hours! Challenging! Intriguing! Fun! Good game, the artwork is a tad on  the hokey side, but I can look past that. Fun building up defenses, turret towers are fun! Gets a little repetitive, but good for a once week game or so, methinks. Could give an option to have a longer campaign, or full map domination. Gay I've had this game installed on my phone since I first played it on the Internet over a year ago. It is a great game to kill time with. Nice Different endings different levels carry your people from city to city from easy to impossible. xcellnt time stopper Great game but really gets old once you beat it the first time Good game, does get dull after playing it so much thought.  Can't wait for Rebuild Gangs of Deadville for android at the end of the year An amazing strategic game that tests you're ability to make sacrifices and balance you're resources against the zombie threat around each corner and also within you're own camp. Good time killer for the price. Can't put it down! Loved this game series on pc and it has a few cool features in the mobile version. No two games are the same and you'll keep playing for all possible outcomes! Fun little strategy game, great time killer. Great fun. Works great on a Note 3. Excellent game. Music has it's moments,but just turned it off after awhile. Love the different ways you can make the game more difficult. Playing through the winter months give the game a much different feel forcing you to constantly acquire food, where in the warmer months you can leave it to the farms. Over all I highly recommend giving this game a try and supporting it's developer. Played many time brother and I love it 😁 thank you I love this little game. I have played quite a few strategy games but nothing quite like this. I expect that there will be a new generation of Mobile games popping up that copies this concept and rebuild-like will be a new genre. Had it several years now.   Still enjoy it This is the second time I buy this, and I am still satisfied with it, can't wait for Rebuild 3. When will the sequel be available for Android? I'd purchase it in a heartbeat. amazing game I was on the second difficulty and was getting destroyed by hordes. This has been one of my go-to games to keep me sane on my long commute.  I'm looking forward to the sequel. Hello, I have bought this game and would like to refund it. I accidentally clicked the purchase button when looking at the game. The two-hour refund period is up but I would please still like a refund for the game. I really enjoy "Rebuild" and want to play 2 and 3... I haven't really found any games that I like and this one is addictive! Thanks so much for making a great game that doesn't require that I pay over and over again to have fun. Love it! Hordes are way too frequent though Exactly like the pc version. Great time killer Gr8 game I'm certain I haven't figured out all the possible endings, and I was obsessed with this simple game for months.  I will probably revisit it... Again.... And again. Rebuild 3 is also amazing This is probably one of the best mobile games out there. Though it could possibly be improved by the characters being more in depth, like them having personalities and traits rather than just the skills. No sensible instructions Hasn't changed too much since I played it obsessively as a flash game years back. Happy to support the developers. I highly recommend this game to whoever likes post-apocolyptic art and music. I can't wait for Rebuild 3 to be ported to Android! Nothing to buy in game! All you need to do is play! Addicting and fun. Not usually a fan of turn by turn based games but this one was a whole lot of fun. Simple to learn with multiple endings made it fun and different every time I played. Can't wait for the next one to see wat they add. Would like to see more character choices and a better way to defend it city Felt like I had done everything in the game in the first ten minutes. It was pretty easy on any game mode, just more time consuming. Best zombie game I've played in awhile you should add multiplayer for trade with other towns but great game overall Want this free to pay on the internet? Addicted Some new gear or game options would be nice. But otherwise, a good time killer. Keep up the great work! Brilliant Excellent time burner about community management after a zombie apocalypse. Fun little resource management zombie game. Trololololol lolololol lolololol trolololol This is a really fun game. When I play it, time just slips away. Excellent game! I got this game in a free giveaway for my fire HD. I enjoyed it so much I bought it on my phone. Nice strategy, some good vulger humor (which can be turned off), and pretty good replay value. Hope they make a second one for mobile. First game purchased on marketplace, so worth the money, and it runs well Cant wait for the new one Engaging and worth the price. Love it When is the sequel coming? As mentioned, this game rocks, it got the sound, gameplay and awesome content. To the developer, keep it up and continue to add in more content if possible. Worth the price:) great game with solid re-playability. Have enjoyed dozens of hours with this game spread over several months. Could use a more challenging difficulty, "impossible" turned out to be very doable. Can be a bit of a grind sometime adictive :) I love it It is the best zombie puzzle strategy game Worth every penny, easy to pick up for a few minutes but makes you want to play for hours. High replay rate! Something different and interesting in this genre. Had a lot fun with this game also liked that I could rename the survivors. The endings were quite interesting and I liked the additional ones. I would say this is my favorite Northway game. I remember playing this on armor games when it came out plus has more features which is fun. Its an interesting game for persons who like turn based games. The music and graphics kinda weird though but its a strategic and fun game to play. Will really keep your mind at it. Though it tends to be a little boring when you play 5 to 30 mins straight. In most games the difficulty adds to the gameplay, and rebuild has elements of that kind of game but the gameplay can be extremely unforgiving. At times when you need food, on the first day of starvation somebody dies. You can't go one day without food? And guarding is useless, kill surrounding hoards and it works so much better. But the game has a lot different choices on how to play like cannibalism, paragon actions, etcetera but difficulty and slow pacing make it overbearing. Probably one of my favorite games since I've been able to read. Great game. Doesn't kill your battery either. It's fun for a little while, but it gets very repetitive. This is a fun game Awesome wish there was more options though and more stuff to collect Great game to help pass time and very entertaining. Fun and funny Good game Trust me, you will like this game!    (Sarah Northway, you rock! Keep making great games!) Great to come back to play I love this game! I think it's a great way to fight zombies and use strategy. not really any problems with ads. love moving to different difficulty levels. Really fun game that makes you think about the consequences of EVERY decision. I love that they do not require permissions; I hate to see games that require 10 different permissions. I would definately recommend Excellent game Newgrounds debuts another masterpiece. Great game Easy to learn, easy to waste a lot of time on. Rebuild has a very unique feel to it which leads to it being a great experience Not quite as tight as the original game, in my opinion, but very very good. One of a few game tht,s fun enough for me to play it until the end Remember playing this on my computer years ago OMG, I GOT ALL ENDINGS. Also i screenshoted them for proof. Great game!!! Its pretty good for the price, but its missing alot to get a better rating. Events to scripted should be way more random and there isn't enough variations in dialogue. Makes trying to get alternative endings painful! And a bit of control over traps would be cool. LOVED IT Great game can't wait for the sequel One of the best turn based strategy games available on Android. Buy it! Yeah Really like this game...looking toward to the next one.  :) A little repetitive but overall fun. When I almost cleared the town of all zombies in the game there were suicides nearly every day thanks to the Chosen Ones cult. That was irritating in the fact that they wanted to take the day off for two days. This gave enough time for the zombies to regroup in the square I just cleared and 40 turns later, I finally cleared the town. Irritating mechanic to have in your game. Just finished my first playthrough and really looking forward to llaying again Great Loved it!! Fun Play for free on Kongregate, or on the phone thanks to Sarah Northway for an amazing game!  Easily worth $5 to $8 and its completely free!!  No annoying Fremium crap!  This game is the real deal! :) Play this game for hours has potential could do with upgrades such as bigger areas or maybe diff areas such as desert o small villages with bit more action and more events plus adding cars and armour to ur main character Keeps freezing up even though I paid for it What are you wasting your time for get it! Update: please add more buildings and other features feels too easy. Great game Good fun, easy to learn and can hold attention for hours. Totally recommend! So fun to play thanks so much for this Pretty great game. I wouldn't mind a sequel of some sort. Best zombie strategy ever! its an alright game fun at first then very repetitive same people predictable raids game would be perfect with a few more details more control over your base more customization more variety with items etc. highly doubt there will be a sequel they seem to have stopped caring about their games Played this game on pc a long time ago it's still just as fun on Android if not better I first played this game on NG, loved it than and still do now. Lots of detail in the narrative and u can choose the level of difficulty, so no complaining its  too easy or hard. Highly recommended if u like zombie apocalyptic shtuff!!! I had played it on some games website before but I like the improvements in this version. Well worth the few bucks. Fixed my only problem trying to find out what to do with the subways Amazing This game ran great on my galaxy 2 and my tetra note7 but runs very choppy on my shield tab.  Still a great game though. Zombies are cool Hands down the best zombie, town builder, strategy game I have ever played. Wish I could give it more stars. Fun & Challenging Played this for several hours & found it repetitive & a waste of time & money. You can play for hours or for a few minutes on the bus. No annoying ads begging for money. Only the unobtrusive ad for Gangs of Deadsville, which I can't wait for. It's a good game but a finished it in only a couple of hours Wish there where a couple more features like more buildings or different uses and events, but all around a great game Not a complex game, but its enjoyable with some replayability. The developer is also still focused on the project and is coming out with a new one soon. Definitely a good game to play, just plan on a decent chunk of time to play. Not an easy one to pick up and put down as there is usually some planning in the allocation of resources. Great game 10/10 the uninstall button works Very addicting and well put together for a mobile game. Game runs solid with addicting turn based gameplay. It even has a nice story and some entertaining dialogue to boot! This is the kind of game you'll be saying "Oh, just one more turn..." and BAM it's 4am. This is how a good app should be No lag no closing down problems just an overall good straterigic game! Fun! I like this game a lot. Different than most other mobile games and a lot of fun. Cant wait for sequels Great It's a bit simplistic compared to full blown pc games, but very addicting. Its fun and addicting. It was really irritating when the people started celebrating everyday and the zombies destroyed everything Played this a lot on my computer. Glad it's still just as fun on my smart phone. This game is amazing! I just hope more stuff could be added. This is an amazingly addictive game. It's what every zombie fanatic has been waiting for and more.  And many different endings and options. Replayable Like Sim City, with zombies. I bought this game one day when I was bored. It looked fun so I decided to play it. I made a great decision that day. Great pastime. Focus on soldiers first and then educate builders. Once you have turret towers, you are golden. Solid Game Really like the idea of this game.  Awesome :) Great game really worth downloadong... just great. My suggestion for the next game. More survival options. More decisions that would have more impact on the storyline. Entertaining Worth the $3. Hope you add more to this idea and improve upon it. Pls it's pretty good Amazing Only wish it had been longer/a little more sandbox style. A rare genuine mobile game that doesn't make you pay to have any go's. A fun tactical game which gets you thinking how to tactically go with your next move. Really enjoying this! Enjoyed the game but feeling ripped off about the no show sequel. Pretty good It reminds me of zafehouse on steam, but not quite as "is the rng gonna "f" me." Personally I think its more fun than zafehouse and I like the multiple endings and sideplots (more of those would be great). Definitely buying the sequel Worth multiple playthroughs. I really enjoyed it and still do. One of the best games on the app store. And when I say FREE I mean FREE! None of that freemium crap. Few games are worth the asking price on mobile, but this is one of them. Interlocking questlines, new game plus, humor, great writing and a superb city simulator in one. Rebuild makes zombies fresh! Hours of fun Great game, easy way to spend an hour or two :) I'll know what's important ;) Was unsure at first, but then really loved it!! Boring! If actually feels like a fun game, not just a time killer like basically every other android game. Game is so fun, one of my favorite games so far, please hurry up and make the sequel Absolutely stunning. I'm waiting for Rebuild3 Perfect port of the brilliant flash game, loved it then, love it now. Would have paid for this game. &lt;3 I just wish you can scavange and kill zombies all at once Awesome It's very user friendly and you have several different ways to win with surprises around  every corner Its a great game buts fits to short after u beat there is no fun make the story a lot longer n put it to were u can c more n do more this game wud go along way I've been waiting for it to come out on android I enjoy playing this game alot I only wish it had greater content and wider varieties At one point once you start to advance past day 100 it starts to lag so if you could address that issue that would be great. It's bad Amazing game. You guys did great. I would definitely love to see something along the lines of a state of decay style gameplay though. I loved playing this on the computer and making it mobile makes this even better. Every thing about this game is awesome but u should go online with other people and trade and make the pictures better. It's 👍 Played on PC an loved it glad there's a mobile version Love this game, the only challenge is that it is not as replay able as I would like. Will play in one sitting but it does get a bit repeatative and there's no replayable features once you have found all the endings. Could do with expansion packs for mobile devices. I have always loved this game, and still do. I wish Sarah would add a little more to this game. I'd even throw some $ for it. The games a great time waster when I'm bored Classic I hardly ever play mobile games, let alone buy them, but Rebuild is a favorite exception. Zombies? Check. Neat soundtrack? Check. Unique role-playing strategy? The best. Plenty of interesting resources and unique characters to manage without being overwhelming, and lots of surprising events to stumble upon. Best strategy game on android with no in app purchases. Can't wait for release of Rebuild 3 Fun immersive turn based strategy game for civilization fans. Fun to replay. Rebuild is the only game that stays on my tablet!!!!!!!! Great , amazing and fun! Dull Its free on the computer why not here Fun to play! Only thing is it crashes sometimes and I lose some progress. But other then that it is a great game. Now with a bit more depth to the story it would be perfect Great game and challenging Love this game onwe of my favourites This game is true strategy with nearly infinite replayability. Real time killer. Played it loads of times Love this game Cool game but very easy, thought it would be a suicide grind with luck wins like out there or binding of isaac. I've been waiting on rebuild for the phone for quite sometime and I'm so happy to see that its here. What I love is that they left nothing out and even expanded the game. Best phone game period. The only thing I could ask for is a cheat mode but I'm still giving 5 stars! Clash of Risk, Red alert, Fallout, Resident evil and total war - WITH ZOMBIES! Pretty damned detailed. Addicted! Can't waite for more! I played this game before it was made for android i still love it! Wish yall can add more to it Played this on kongregate for ages and got it when it was published on here. Its fun lil timewaster and worth every cent i paid for it. Can't wait for the next rebuild game I freekin love this game!!!!!! Its nothing like I expected Good game is not about how its look but the game play A bit more depth in the storyline and gameplay and this game will be killer. Stole this game, and loved it so much I came and bought it! Great game. Well done! Good fun, gets boring after a while. I enjoy the game. It's no Xbox but it is a fun way to kill time. I think with some more updates could be really fun. Have played for many happy hours Love the hordes, and the endings. Plain awesome This game is one of the best Android games I've played. Has great replayability and is very fun.  A must have for any zombie lover. Great game, would like to see bigger maps, but fun the way it is! Please bring out a second version I paid ffs and still you fill the app with ads? We need new endings,technology, and different building that do many thing and your able to have people reclaim with you and bigger lands... Hope the creators look at this Can't wait for the next one Addictive and well considered gameplay. Interesting design choices that make for a really good game. Enjoyable and worth playing. An excellent game!! Was skeptic at first but was hooked from day 1! I love the way this game plays. It'd be even cooler if you could actually see tiny little animated zombies attacking your buildings on the main map. Played this on Armor Games was happy to see it i like the overthrowing of the church cult and Winter addition made it less madding when your people just jump over the walls like that you can stop that and winter added that extra difficulty i wanted hopd you keep updating this game. Wonderful way to pass 5 minutes or 3 hours.  It's a blast! I've played this game many times, trying for different endings, and I'm always entertained.  Would love to see the sequel soon! But I think there should be more buildings,quest and research Thx :D I am waiting for the sequel for months now.. Please can you somehow fasten the production? :-) I get it that you do it in your free time but I am sure many people would appreciate deeply the next chapter on tablet/smartphone devices.. For me better than 99% of games on app store and it doesnt even have to have some kickass graphics.. The game that plays on imagination, logic and developing story with several possible endings - the best kind and unfortunately on the breach of extintion.. A fun sandbox game that has good replay value. Played through it many times. Good way to kill time.... and zombies. Awesome music perfect compliment the theme Love it. This game is amazing,there is a lot of deatail in dialog and its just a great little strategy game,cant wait for gangs of deadville:) Survival sim at its best!  High replay value with different challenges and multiple endings.  I cannot wait for the sequel!!! High repayable value too! This is the second time (device) I've bought Rebuild on, it's come along way sense I last played it. I enjoyed it so much that I played it for 6-7 hours straight and I have now done everything can you add some form different modes and more scenarios. And maybe change the way people look to work with the art style. And since we are looking at the map at a sort of birds eye view being able to see Ur guys in the town would be cool and for building that you have scouted have the zombies milling around?  Anyway gg Great time killer, can't  wait for the new one. Really good game and very entertaining. Well worth getting. When is the sequel coming out for Android??? C'mon dev - it's been ages :) I expected a lot from this game but in the end it's just ok. Very repetitive after you play it a few times. Really unfortunate as I had high hopes for it. I've always loved this game, I used to play it on my pc all the time and I still can't stop. I can't wait for more like this to come out. :) It in my opinion is a very great game maybe there should be a Rebuild 2 Been playing this game consistently for over 2.5 years. Great replay value. I'm happy to see the dev is thinking of a sequel - I'll definitely get it the second it comes out. Can't wait for the next one! Love this game but add more levels. Like to see something like sim city but with zombies Game is OK, pretty short and once you "win" there isn't much to do. There should be more of a survival mode. My phone is simply too small to enjoy this game but you deserve the money. Good idea and concept just a little too easy and completed half the endings in about 4 hours I first played this on new grounds years back I loved it then and love it now. Newgounds to Android, still one of the best game ever Cool The pc version was good but this is more fun more challangeing or more relaxed but over all great i love the ability to name people so i can have all my friends in my game. Awesome, fun, smart! Hard to put down. Lots of replay potential. And felt like I overpaid. Just a little. It's hard to complain about a dollar app, but the honeymoon's over after 5 mins. After that a marginal time-waster. Loved it This game is soooooooooo fun but I would like it if you could change their cloths and can get them married and have kids and there be kids and make them age Sweet Love this game Superb turn-based game. Quite a fun game. I'm not sure what the replayability is, but it was fun. Fun game Great game! Runs smooth and good gameplay. Good. You can replay it a handful of times before it gets too easy. I played this game years ago, back when it was online. I was addicted to it that I'd spend days just playing it! Now I've found that it's only gotten better on mobile! If you are looking for an addictive game that does not get old, this is the best one I've found so far! I had the difficulty set @ "pretty tough" which basically translates to "normal" and won in a in about a hour. Not bad by any means just wish it would've lasted. No replay value really due to it being pretty repetitive. Loved Rebuild 1 & 2 on the PC & it's even better on my phone! A few new moves on this version, which I'm trying to incorporate into my old strategies. And nice to hear that Sarah kept the soundtrack that I enjoyed from R2. I wished it was longer. Like the exploding thing takes you to another city to play in. But it was very entertaining! I played this like 8 times on newgrounds, whenever I was bored this was a goto game of mine.. In the 24 hours I've owned it I've gone through 3 games and there seems to be additional content in this version that I haven't explored yet, new endings and buildings. Love this game! I can't put it down its so good. 10/10 must have for any board gamer This is an excellent example of how to blend turn based strategy with zombies. But way to short. Many hours after having down loading I finally put it down. Awesome Really addicting Its good game but they kept killing them selves chosen ones thats stupid but a good game just stupid deaths occasionally the controls don't respond right away. But lots of fun Amazeballs Definitly a learn by mistakes game, but impossible to put down after the learning curve Awsome little game Pretty well done. Solid time waster. Game was challenging, of corse with the highest setting. But once you beat the game it becomes very dull. Opinion-(not worth the money) The main issue I have with this game is my inability to stop playing. Great flavor touches that don't get in the way, and are still variable. Easy saves so can play for ten seconds at a fine if needed. I never felt I didn't have the information I needed, but it was still enough of a challenge. I had concern when hordes closed in, and felt remorse when a character died, the quick flavor text that never felt too much helped develop engagement. I got this in a Humble Bundle, but came here and paid $3 to support and rate because it was well worth more. Just what I wanted out of a mobile game. It's simple and fun. And no microtransactions! Alot of replayability. Cant wait for sequel Epic game its fun One of the best games I have played! Replayability is high, gameplay is fun, all you could ask for put together :) This game is so much fun that you can't set it down, but where is the sequel? I've played for years, fantastic replayability Gets you hooked  and is a great way to  kill time ! 👆 Plays just like the version on kongregate loved it there replay  it there often felt it totally worth supporting  the dev with the app purchase.  Now can pay literally anywhere. Well worth the money. I'll be looking forward to this developer's next offering. #couldn't update, restarted phone, problem fixed# Gameplay is fun, easy to pick up, graphics are ok.  Could do multiple playthroughs, but not much changes between games. All in all, a good game. Great game. Wish it can be updated with more endings and events Good game but a bit repetitive. Could have put a bit more effort in to be brilliant. An extremly entertaining game i have to say. I have played this game on computer and i totally enjoyed it, to my surprise i found this game on the play store and was Amazed, purchased the game and Wolly. A purchase i was glad i made. Great Game! Closest to Civilization I have found. I've played this many, many, maaaaaaany times on the computer and never stop enjoying it. Well worth three dollars. I want my five bucks back please It was a great game on Pc and now its a great game you can take with you everywhere. Lots of fun. There could have been more done to it to make it worth the money.  Not much replay value unless you want to try the harder difficulties.  It was fun the first time through. I've put many hours into this game. The tougher difficulty levels are pretty insane, but it's still quite fun. Fun game takes some strategy  to beat the harder stuff. I've played this on ipad and the android version is as excellent as the ipad one. This is must have for those who love strategy games. It's a good concept but it gets boring too fast It's the best Nice I played this on new grounds a few years ago on PC and I was addicted to it. Just had a random thought that maybe it was available for android and I'm so glad it is. Although I really was looking for rebuild 2 as it was a bit better than the first but still a great game! Well it just finished installing so its time to play rebuild! Thank you Played this on the computer many times and I loved it. This only adds to it.. Sucks you right into the storyline Great game thought it lakes character development and story ot makes up in gameplay and overall experience. It great make you think, and determine of ways to keep your people alive and happy, along with getting the supplies they need to survive. I was hesitant about purchasing this game as I've spent $3 on terrible games in the past however I was pleasantly surprised by the game as a whole need some expansion new buildings new people new encounters and new missions but with time and improvement could be a top charter game kudos It's a very entertaining game, the game story and choices could be better, but overall is fairly entertaining game. :-D Needs some firm directions to get you started. A lot of guessing until you find your feet. But still entertaining, challenging and the buying fee is the only one. No pay to win. Decent time killer, like the concept and ability to stop and start when ever.  Good older game. This game is awesome. I can't wait for the next one. .cant wait for the new one I actually played this game for free now I had to buy it but I don't care because I love this game! For a first chapter of the series, definitely worth the $$. Hopefully parts 2 & 3 expand on game play. Great job northway! Great game and all but you guys should try to add a multiplayer setting where you can trade with other towns/players . Other than that I have no complaints. Keep up the amazing work. Waste of time and money, no refund!!! I rarely give 5 stars. This game deserves each of them. I thought this would be a game to play through and be done with.  There are so many different endings that it is still fun. I like to start with a small town and fly to bigger and more difficult ones as I finish, trying to keep my group alive. Rebuild is great, many hours put into the original I'm happy to see it faithfully recreated here for mobile! Wish I hadn't bought it. Repetitive and unrewarding gameplay. Very enjoyable game. Bit of story/narrative, bit of resource management, zombies. Quite addictive actually. (Had the one more turn syndrome going for it) a few quirks to get used to but sold entertainment nonetheless. I played it through several times :) I'm now deliberately trying to get different endings; there's a nice bit of story involved. Not much content,very little replay value. Addicting This is literally the most addicting game ever! My old love with new spice Great for me on Galaxy S3. A very replayable game. Hints: 1. When you move to a new game, equip your 5 players with a chemistry kit. 2. Gain a hospital first, then a school and farms. 3. Train 6 scientists as soon as you can. 4. Train about 10 soldiers as soon as you can. 5. Get your scientists working as soon as possible. 6. Put your soldiers in the defensible buildings as soon as you can train them up. 7. Replace all churches (and bars?) with schools. Training is the most important thing. A really good story, several endings and plenty of choices on how you play. I love this game on mobile and on pc Where is rebuild 2? On the computer b4 n loved it now it's portable that's just great...lol I found London the Dog!  10/10 Looking for more like it great job One of my favorite games to play when I need to kill time Exactly what i had been looking for brilliant game Great game! Addictive I was not sure what to expect, but this little gem surprised me. Unique mechanics on top of an age-old premise. The rules are sometimes a bit opaque, thus 4 instead of 5 stars, but all in all a darned good strategy game. Find survivors, set them to tasks suited to their skills, watch them improve their skills, and keep them out of harm's way. Have played through this countless times since purchasing. Tip: two of the endings let you carry over 5 characters into the next game with their skill levels intact. If I do really well on my game I  get stuck on a ultimate death kills Fun game It's a really cool Turn Based Strategy. I like it very much Reallylike the lok of the app. Favourited the browser game but this! I cant see the map or anything! Just the options button and exit button! Same as the main menu. Please fix. Im on samsung galaxy tab 2. Please help :( :( :( Fun Enjoyed playing it but completed in half an hour... For the price I'd expect a bit more scale, if I'm to play again it will be the exact same map and exact same situations, found myself stopping at 29 buildings just to prolong the game by another 10 minutes I cant load anything and I really do love this game and ive tried reinstalling the game over and over again and the city still would not load. Please fix as I would love to llay this game! Good game Gameplay is intuitive and level of difficulty is exactly as advertised. This is probably the only app I haven't regretted purchasing and have taken time out to review.  It's such a fun strategy game, super interesting characters and storyline, I played it for a solid 4 hours straight.  Even after you "beat" it you can keep playing it and improve your society, or take 5 of your best/favourite people and take off to start a new town. There really aren't many games I've seen out there like this so I really enjoyed this game but I'm hoping you will make a new and improved version of this Love this game Excellent turn based strategy. See there working on a therd one when android getting 2 Well  "fleshed" out game, albeit somewhat repetitive. I like it a lot and look forward to the sequel. Just as great on my phone, it's a great game all around, I still have yet to find something I dislike about it. It's a good strategy/action/rpg/sim, although the graphics maybe lacking the amount of options and overall game play make up for it. it's one of the best games I've played on my phone. Stop reading this and download it xp Great game! High replayability! Bring your other Rebuild games to android My favorate, challenging,  turn based. Original and excellent Very addictive game. Love the PC version and this one is just as good! Great job! Was a bit shorter than expected byt was fun every moment,took me 3 hours to finish. Game is limited but great for long distance trips I have never had to think so much and I like every thing about it I started playing this game thinking it was simple. I was fooled and this game has more to it than initial impressions. I love the variety, the multiple ways to win. I'm now hooked and hopefully others will be too. But sadly the sequel is skipped for Android and v3 seems to be in beta already. Hopefully it will have an android version, but I have my doubts after 2 years. Really love the strategy involved in this game.  My only problem is on huge maps, late game starts to slow my tablet performance.  Its a Nexus 7 so I wouldn't expect that, but I'm still giving it a 5, although it seems huge maps won't work for me. ... This game is great fun and has  high replay value. It's not burdened by IAP cash grabs. Good fun Awesomeness! The game is simple, strategic and subtly occupies your time while keeping you interested. Even after winning, I found myself continuing over and over. This is such a good game that this is my first time rating a game and leaving a comment!!!!!!!!! its fun at first and kind of neat. But the game is one dimensional. Maps are not unique or very big. The story ends up being the same every time you play and the buildings all the same. I've played through once and really had fun. I think there will be plenty of replay value in this title. This game is one of the best cycle based strategy games I've ever played. Awesome just awesome I love this game! Good times O found it on the Internet a long time ago and loved it but never found It until this app Better than the PC version in my opinion! Can't download it, error -505 using Google nexus 5, please look into this. This game is incredibly fun and addictive. I love the multiple ends and the chance to betray the fort. One of my favorites. My body is ready for more. Awesome game Loved it ! Great game Lots of fun Great concept. Good game It's amazing. Nothing more to be said. Well designed. Quite difficult. Extremely addicting. It's a must have game. Love the game play. Used to play this on kongregate.  Worth the few bucks. Thanks. Great game! Thank you. Wish you could bring more survivors with you each time you move to new cities. Some kind of extra perks for clearing cities and moving to new ones would give more incentive to keep playing! Something anyone need to buy I played this all the time on the computer when it was new, and I love being able to have it on my phone now. It's a fun game to kill time with. Highly addictive, smart and funny what do we want? rebuild 2!!, when do we... ah well you get the picture. :) I purchased the game now it shows error 505 when downloading and won't install. And not getting any help from the people who made the game Easy to pickup and enough depth in the game play to keep it interesting. Hope they keep up the update It took me forever to find this game agian! Love the game Played the game for months than one day it was no longer installed. And now it won't reinstall. A simple turn based strat which is easy to pick up and has a nice progression. It is somewhat shallow and the breadth of interactions among game characters becomes predictable. That said a game on the largest maps can easily get you through a few hours without you noticing. Tons of fun if you like strategy games! Really good game, wish there were more side stories Well done game and fun to play for a few hours.  Once you've worked through the primary story lines, there's not much point replaying different difficulty settings though.  One or twice through the game is plenty... Not working since new android 5.0 install.  Any fix coming? Great game, easy to get into, interesting story, good depth. Great game. Lots of fun Original and fun, I keep coming back to it whenever I have a bit of time to kill. A fun turn-based city re-building simulation.  Just want more story & graphic animations in sequels. Great game 4 any 1 I hope there's gonna be a graphics update Fun but short Lotsa fun Thanks for the great work dev! I really enjoyed this game, and love the pc version, but it is a bit short for the price. I will check out the sequel, but if it is about the same length, I'll probably pass. Thus is the beast game ever A good mix of city rebuilding and zombie survival. Fantastic game just needs more updates, just new stuff, worth the money!!!!! Simple and addictive fun say no more Complex to start. This is a quick to learn and very enjoyable game. This is game is just great wish they would add more objectives but it is what it is Addicting Could benefit from being a couple hours longer. Great game Very adictive game I liked it but it no longer installs and runs in Android 5.0 Love it Fantastic game! New addiction. u own a town and help ur survivers how awesome u should get it Slows down in huge city with lots of survivors.  Samsung Galaxy S4 10/10 And a day late to refund =/ Love Zombies Loved this game kept me entertained for hours. I would have rated 5/5 but I needed to see actual characters walking around and zombie fight scenes that my survivors were involved in.  Yeaahhh that would be great!!! Well done. Lots of fun and very interesting. So far I'm really enjoying it. Seems a tad shallow but looking forward to the sequel! I played this game on Newgrounds and it's one of the few zombie games that matches my enthusiasm for apocalypse content because of its survivalistic approach and not the overused action all the other games employ to cater for its younger audience. Top strategy game on tablet. Good story and humour. Addictive. This game is boss y'all should get it Only game out there I'm willing to put on my new phone.  Every. Time.  10/10 The best of both pc versions and well worth your money Used to play this on kongregate all the time.  I love it,  but I would like to see better zombie waves.  It's like they cap out at a certain size after a while. A strategy game that requires thought and doesn't (much) glorify violence. This is much better than expected. Great game. Enjoyable for casual play.  Good concept. Good game very addictive. Start small win the game and selclect continue to play then train up 5 of your best players. Click leave city by helicopter.  This starts a new game in a much harder city and is alot more challenging. Decent I love the game, played it numerous times. I just hate that it is only *so* long...and once you've beaten it...there isn't much else to do Great Zombie survival game Well worth the cost, engaging and entertaining When does rebuild 2 come out??? The game is fun for maybe 30 minutes before it quickly becomes repetitive and boring. Loved this tbs zombie game  hours of replay Crazy fking good. Ridicigood. Yeah, it is a word now. At a simple level it is fun. But unfortunately it lacks real depth. Once you get going it is just repetitive clicking. Still kind of fun Great! It's a fun and addicting game, but it would be better if there was a more detailed defense against an attack and you could give people that are defending the fort commands or be able to control one of them. Can't put this thing down, can't wait to see what they do next Wondering when will the rebuild 2 release to android? ^^ Great game albeit a bit short with limited replay ability. Great game Pretty simple gameplay. Decent graphics, but the game gets boring pretty quickly. Great game The doctor that cures the zombie virus doesn't ever cure it ever You like zombies. You like strategy. You need a game you can pause or leave and go back to easily  (well if you can! Haha). This is by far the best mobile phone game I've purchased. Perfect for transit by bus and subway. Even fun to replay over and over. It's like a simple x-com game. I recommend u get this it really cool Addicted One of the best strategy games I have ever played I'd honestly say top three, wish there was more updates though or that Rebuild GoD was realeased on play store Played this game for hours on pc now i have it on the go! Its so awesome worth every cent. Thank you sarah norway Used to play this on the computer came across this game like heck yaa!! Love This game man Fun easy to win Too short for the price, but a decent game overall.. I used to play this on the computer, it didn't lose value on the phone.  The next game should be great. I love this game wish you come outbwith more like it Great game, flawless functionality! Exactly the resource allocation game that I was looking for! Good game play, easy short time killer. Great once you start and then when you beat it it's boring. Great game,very addictive,can be replayed 100's of times.I might be up to 50 games at least.again thank for fixing update so quick I loved the flash version an the mobile one is just as good Great concept and entertains for a while but then gets incredibly repetitive. Great game Seems identical to the browser game version, and a classic case of one more turn, one more turn... Good stuff Love this game! Great game. Never gets boring Best strategy game to date can't wait to buy the gangs of deadvill Lots of replay value in this game. Loved it on my P.C, same for the phone After a while it's boring not worth it If you're looking for an experience like the (free) PC game, this is perfect. Downloaded it.. Tried it... Loved it... Want more of it... Ahaha great game. The easier levels are very easy and get you hooked, and then when you turn up the difficulty rating you really have to think things through and plan your strategy. Very enjoyable! I love this game Amazing I think this would actually make a nice pc game. Have it fleshed out, some more depth added. I'd buy it. This game is great I spend hours playing. My phone went dead one time playing. Have spent a lot of time playing this game, well worth a look Great game to pass the time Awesome Mediocre Great game that's easy to get into but with layers of complexity. I just LOVE this game! Cant wait to see whats coming in the future! Good game. Bigger text needed. Its one of those games thats a little confusing at first like skyrim or sim city but good fun lots of replay value and lots of strategy Game was a lot of fun the first time through but replayability isn't the greatest. Still worth the price tag though. Great game same as pc version good for killing time In terms of strategic depth, this game is a step up from Farmville.  If you like extremely simple games that don't require much thought and zombies then you'll dig it.  I beat it in one short sitting, first try, while half asleep.  Not for me. Nice way to pass the time. It throws several different scenarios out and you get different outcomes based on your choices, skills and available people. This makes the game great for replayability. However, the difference between the normal and hard levels is INSANELY difficult! Very well made. Nuff said Best replay able game I have seen in a long time and I also recommend buying gangs of deadvill Loved the game. Really the repetitiveness is a minor quibble. If i want some exhaustively detailed, open-ended game then i will go use my pc Its been downloading now for about 2 hours and its still downloading Great zombie game Fun but Repetitive I've enjoyed this game for months! The perfect time killer. The strategy, different difficulty levels, and multiple endings gives it good reply value. Truly a great game! Just like the pc version. Amazing. I bought this when it was still fairly new and unlike other mobile games, I still play it constantly. I'm really excited for the next installment. Worth the couple of dollars to play. Just Sayin.' I trained all my men to be soldiers way too short for having to pay for it Great game overall , looking forward to the sequel . It's extremely fun and addicting.  I've been playing at work and already been in trouble for it. And I can barely wait for the sequel! Great game got all endings AWESOME I LOVE IT! WORTH KEEPING! Awesome needs co op Took me less time to complete than it was worth. Heaps of fun, and interesting finding the different endings and the different starting options. Does reach a point where you've 'solved' the game for any scenario though. Pretty cool.....but is there something like this but in first person view? Played first on the pc and loved it soo happy to have this for my phone Bought 10th copy a while back on other account Amazing game.  Manage your city and survivors and vanquish the rival gangs.  You just made a new fan of the series! This game makes you think and it is additive. Great game! This is fun and pretty addictive. A few small issues/bugs but all round very good Played the online version and this one is great Had this game for about a year now still play and love it, no problems whatsoever! I was also a fan of the PC version, and I think it's well worth the money to be able to take this game around with me on my phone and tablet! Unbeatable Downloaded Rebuild at 11:30pm with the intent of playing for 20 or 30 minutes... Realised it was just after 2 AM when I put it down. Great way to lose track of time! Fun, really well made game. Lots of replay value. So addictive and very realistic! Great building and strategy game that has multiple outcomes, the difficulty levels really change the game play and make it very challenging! This is a great game that you won't put down until all the Zed are Dead!! I loved this game on my phone, but I am having SERIOUS issues with it on my tablet! I can't click on anything! I reinstalled and got to page one of the tutorial, with effort. But now I'm stuck again! Help!! fantastic zombie strategy game Love this game The game is amazing! I hope in there next one or in an update they add in a little more strategy, perhaps during the attacks. Maybe a way you can allocate your resources. Deeper strategy than most available and pretty well polished. Plus a decent amount of content for the price. more fleshed out cities would be nice, but well worth the $2. Recommended for any zombie fan. App don't refund or install help Awsome Fun strategy game without in app purchases Was a great game while it lasted but one completed became dull :/ I have talked about wanting a game like this for a long time. Love it!!! Freaking love this game. Just as awesome as it was on pc. Love the ambiance of the game. The difficulty is a nice touch. A really fun game with addictive gameplay, for the first play through at least. I'd love for there to be a progression of different towns and a storyline to go with it so that as you solve one city your group (or some of them) move on to the next city in a progressive storyline. Each city could have different challenges and buildings and special skills could be unlocked that make the game more interesting as it goes on. Earlier towns could contribute to the progression too, so how well you do early matters. Good game, a litte to easy.more  random events would be nice.some more flavor graphics would be nice. Less cartoony map graphics. Being able to equip more then one thing would be good. Great mobile game! It was a great game. Totally buy it. It is well worth the money. GREAT GAME I regret buying most games from the play store, but definitely not this one. I never get tired of it! I'm getting ready for my fourth play through! Really is fun tho Great concept, well executed. Graphics could use some polish but otherwise perfect. It's a really good game! I highly recommended it. Best game on my tablet. Just wish had google play games achievements Great time killer The kind of game you can come back to after a while and still have fun. Great game. Simple, addicting, high replay factor. Easy to sit down and play for a couple minutes, easier to play for a couple hours without realizing. The new Rebuild game is even better. Doesnt need internet. Doesn't use your info. Just plain fun. Intersting and different. All the way without a doubtm I use to spend hours playing this on computer Great app for killing time. Wonderful! Learning about Rebuild 2 at PAX rocked... I love this game and look forward to other great things from this team. I really enjoyed this game heard there's suppose to be a sequel coming and I'll definitely get that once it's out, great game. See above Loving it..... can't wait for the next t one Can't wait for the next one! Thank you for your awesome game, love the replay ability of the game in that just after I'm done. I'm second guessing and planning for my next immediate play through. Very few games on adroid deliver the believable difficulty of this game. I'm going to spread the word, and of course looking forward to your next venture. Well made game. There a few in game interactions which can be improved such as being able to preview the effect of research before devoting survivors but outside of those this game is well polished. Low replayability but more than enough to justify a 3$ purchase. When I play this game I really feel like I. Am in control of my own group of survivors I hope they can make a improved version it's worth the money! Great strategy and gameplay. Awesome feel to the game. If there was a 6 stars would give it. Love the updates. Can't wait for sequel Ruins your life, but it's fun. The game is simple to learn and can be complex if you want it to be. Definitely worth playing. Has a good sense of humor, too. Can you make another one for phone that will be more creative and more of a storyline.(even thougth this ones great enough) Excellent. Great game hours of fun A fun game you can play on or offline! Loved it on pc this is just as good. Great port. Awesome game. I seriously love the music in this game, on the main menu when I was creating my character the music started to actually kind of scare me, mainly cause I was sitting alone in my room in the dark, but no other game on a phone has actually done that which is awesome. The gameplay is great too, I remember playing this on computer, and was excited when I seen it was in the play store. Played this a long time ago nice to see revamped classics that dont ruin the original Fun to play and fun to revisit. A fun game that doesn't drain your battery very fast it's great! Worth the cash Real good waiting for the sequal Strategy amazing totally worth it. You can continue even when you beat it No pesky ads, and challenging Well done, I can't put it down. 2 bucks well spent - keep up the great work! I use to play on my computer but now i can play no my phone it rocks and well eorth the money Pity I finished it so quickly Awesome Lots of fun, a lot of strategy for a mobile game. Addicting I liked that it wasn't time based. Didn't have to wait a few hours for something to get done. Could probably "beat" the game in a day if I had the time. Not worth $3 in my opinion. Was fun at the beginning but got kind of old after the first few days. Perfect mix of strategy andere story Really good, simple and thought out but truly addictive. Wicked cool time killing game. Its a must play. Used to play this game on my PC (browser game). This is the exact same port. Well worth the money. This game is epic can't wait for 2 and 3 on android Wonderful Brilliant. Atmospheric, grisly, funny, and compelling. Surprisingly very fun. Was a bit skeptical at first as it looked to be a standard city builder but turned out not that way at all. More like a city takeover game with tons of strategy and depth to it. Highly recommend if you enjoy this genre. Awesome good! I recommend. It's pretty fun and interactive, but I got bored of it within a couple hours or so. I personally like the challenges in this game and how their are psychotic priest raiders and what not constantly harrassing you along with the hordes that attack you every now and then. Laughed pretty hard when I chose dog as my starting item to find a pug haha. 4/5. Would play again. Great stuff! Great game Wonderful game This game has been free for years on armorgames. I bought this to support a real developer, to support real games in general. Always wanted to play a game like this and here it is!! Soooo good :) Great game. Replayable.  Good amount of predictable strategy. Blank screen, only  menu text  visible. On Samsung galaxy tab 3. The most addicting game on my phone. Love it so much. The only thing I wish it had was a few more endings Awesome game! Hope to get a sequel Great. The 2nd one needs to come out for mobile. Easy to pick up and put down, great for those hurry up and wait times at work Great resource management game with good replay ability. Cool and fun great game... Excellent value from an excellent game. Been playing this for months on and off. Pretty good I love this game. A large range of skill levels and ability to try different styles of gameplay. It is infinitely replayable and I am super excited for the sequel! Easy to play.  Good overview all around fun Intriguing game but there needs to be a reasonable chance of recovery once things go south for your colony. Once a major stat drops to zero there is no way to comeback from sure defeat. Suggest installing difficulty levels in future versions to help newer players avoid instant frustration. I absolutely love this game. Fun strategy, eerie music and zombies. A must play for fans of zombies. Takes a lot of luck and skill to win Has a great story line to it. Interesting concept. Great fun Very repetitive, really no that,u see how in the begin then it falls off the cliff. Pretty good Pretty addicting. Wish 2 was in the store as well. This game is great. It's fun and I never get bored with it. I can't wait for the other game to come out. Must play game Love it! Had fun with it. It sucks that I have to pay for a second time,  but it's worth it. I thought that after I had beat this game that I would be done with it, but it keeps pulling me back. Loads of replay value and is very addictive. If you're doing  what I was doing....looking through the market for a REAL game to play. (Not one that requires you to pay further to fully enjoy the game) If you're into high action and tap smashing to enjoy a game....this might not be what you want. But if your looking for an addicting strategy game that sets the post apocalyptic mood well, look no further! !! I had my doubts initially but took the risk and now I can't put it down. I would only suggest they should add some animated zombie attacks Can you, in the next update, raise the food limit so I can sustain more than 100 people in a city through winter? Food runs out way to quick though Simple concept, transformed into a depth I haven't seen since Risk! The Walking Dead: Will you be the governor, or the sheriff? How you play determines how you win... or lose. Develop your people and balance the competing needs of the group. This game is outstanding brain training. Humanity in a nutshell. Its a good game, a little pricey compared to other games on Google play store I would expect to pay one third less and would have given it five stars. Doesn't have much longevity though. Bnice Wont play on galaxy s3 Loved it on computer love it on here. Can't wait to play her next rebuild/survival game The most addicting game Ive ever played. (including platformers and PC) Seriously it's my new favorite game and its fabulous because its always with me. Lol Fun Amazing If you've played any of TWD games then this should be familiar.  It is an extremely simple game and easy to understand Hurry up and release the sequel already Awesome game This is by far my favorite game. I want to see games similar to this. Ive played it over and over when it was just online years back and now in apps. Tho I would like to do some shooting during the zombie attacks. Feel special because I dont rate games but this one was worthy of my attention. # number one fan! Great app. Tons of replay value. Works just fine on my tablet Замечательно. Similar to civ v in a way but in my opinion more addictive Needs more to do in this game Had been looking at buying this for a while. Now I have, I have just realised I have pretty much lost an entire weekend playing this. An amazing game that can be replayed time and time again, this is a game everybody should buy. A Rebuild with some tower defence elements would be incredible, should you be reading, developer person. Worth the time and challenge. Very addicting, multiple paths to victory. A very dark SimCity like game that's perfect for mobile. Almost seems like a android version of 'state of decay' brilliant game, cant wait for new release :) Great game, so much fun for killing time, cannot recommend more! I want my money back!!! Fun and interesting game. Nice way to burn some time. The game is at first a compelling management game but the mechanics begin to tire after an hour of gameplay. After one town is won the others are all the same, and it becomes a lot of grinding. Fun game, but not worth $3. Very addictive and can put down once in a while After u learn the game its really fun Nothing groundbreaking, but still a decent little strategy game. Some more random events and an actual story would help a lot I play this over and over again. It's fun, and there is so much replay value. Excited to play the sequel on Android! There are many things to love about this game, but one thing that is really nice is that you can play for just a minute or two at a time... Although it's so addictive that I usually end up playing for much, much longer than that... Download this game; you won't be disappointed. Fun a and addictive I remember when I was playing this on pc I was so happy but it was hard. Now I can be happy and mad when I play this game again.:D Great game, worth the money. Many ways to complete and start a new town without starting over. Fun and deeper than first looks Love it Great game. Best feature: no in app purchases. Good pace, visuals and interface. Awesome stratagy game good for passing the time When I first started playing I thought it was really easy but that was because I started in the spring once it got to winter my village started to fall apart because of all the disease and enemies and lack of food it really was hard I made it out of the winter but I didn't last to long, good game. Love this game, simple, and yet brilliant. Great strategy game. If u like a challenge get it. It took me a few tries to beat the hardest difficulty and I loved every minute of it. Simply addictive fun. I play on pc all the time and it is amazing but when I got for mobile I was amazed at all the things they have on here but not on pc Just not enough options.. Takes a bit to get the hang of it then it's incredibly addictive! Looking forward to the new one. Boring, repetitive. Waste of money Love the concept. Great for one play through, but needs a little more variation. Though there are multiple ways to win, they don't really change how you play the game. Perhaps would be more engrossing if there were more choices and they had a greater impact on the game mechanics? Look forward to future efforts of this developer. Very addictive You wont regret. Funny, dark and addictive, once you get into it you're hooked I would recommend this game to anyone! Very fun with realistic and comical themes of what would happen to during a zombie apocolpsy(or however the heck you spell it) very much worth the 3 dollars as for its always replayable with different starting seasons, sizes of maps, difficulty and scenarios everytime. 5/5 Great game but relies too heavily on luck... or lack of! Love it Always fun and it's always replayable Pretty Fun Love it it's one of my favorite zombie games I love this style game. Thanks for putting it on android! Great First played this on newgrouds and thought it would be a great game on a portable system Thank you for making it happen. Awesome. Great strategy thriller. Please make more! I've been playing this off and on for a year and a half. Simple and fun I have played this on pc i think, it was well done, i normally dont buy apps, but i thought i would try it, ill change my review when i fully played it. Completely addictive! Thought I bought the wrong game but was wrong. Can't wait to try the new expansion! Good way to kill time ;-) While the premise is simple enough, the actual strategy to get to day 100+ varies from play-thru to play-thru. Even if you get to day 100 several times I've died or had to restart because I carelessly went ahead and recruited too many survivors and forgot about gathering food, or I horded food but I didn't have enough survivors to defend it. Not to mention the death of survivors from things. I love this game been playing it for over a yr however is there any new features that will be added to the game? If so I'll 5 star 😀 No zombie game like it. Well worth trying. I enjoyed the game for about 30 minutes but now it's nothing. Great game but for me it wasn't for it. This game is fun, complex, sensible, just a great way to enjoy some game time. Superb planning/strategy game. But I hope players can choose different outfits in the next game. Such a good game, love it. Fantastic strategy game!  THIS GAME BUT IT START'S TO HIT THE WALL WHEN IT TURN'S WINTER. Gotta get this ! Endless fun 5***** It needs more material. Possibly more ways to use skills like making weaponry more building types that allow new units... Game was great. Now i cant open it since the last update. Wtf.so idk what to rate it now Not a lot of depth to the strategy. Very little replay value, and the interface is a little clunky. I'm not sure why it is rated so highly. It won't give me my food when I scavenge during winter so my people just starve to death.  But highly addictive. Amazing been playing since 2011. Nonstop Fun game to play as a strategist!!! Great game! Good Meachanics, a must for the management and strategy bods out there If you are in to old school RPG games, then you might like this game for 22 seconds.  I wish I could get my money back. I am totally hooked to this game. Pretty much a waste of money. Love it When I tap on the icon the loading screen pops up and then it closes. Kobo arc 7 if I can't play it can I please receive a refund? Very addictive. Different but good. Grandson liked it once he figured out how to play it. Engrossing. Emotional. Every choice has a consequence. Many of them moral. I played it on the computer and loved it, then I found it on the play store and couldn't be happier! Great buy, it's one of my favorite games. Unfortunately when I upgraded to android L preview the app stopped working. But I love this game it is very addicting! Good turn based strategy game with replay value. Stays on my device and I always come back to it. I want my money back Well written, storyline is well done, love this game. Only con: Laggy towards end of game. This is a great game. Keeps u buisy for hours. Bought bored one night on a lark, fell in love with the game. Great simulation, like a civilization or Oregon trail of the post zombie apocalypse. Highly recommended Fun game.   Does a great job in atmosphere.   Interesting mechanics and a joy for people like me who wish for more good strategy. However, I was a little disappointed that every town has the exact same scenario. Won't keep me from playing it, though! For an entertaining title Worth it! Slightly hard at times on some modes but very worth it! I have played a great deal of games on my phone but have found very few that have kept me entertained like this one. It truly is an awesome game and defiantly worth the money. It's fun This should have been a free game. This is not worth spending any money on. You just do the same things over and over again. Best strategy game It's not bad Sim City with teeth! This is an excellent game. Doesn't drain battery and it's easy to lose track of time. But the price its 99¢ at least its  easy to learn and keeps my mind ocupyed so four stars i would have given five but sometimes it freezes my phone Definitely worth downloading. Good time waster and has great replay value. Only reason its 4 stars, at times it doesn't feel amazingly balanced,  graphics are a tad tacky, a simple button that let's you "assign all" on the defenses would save so much time. I like the game so far.  Would have given it five stars if the cities would have looked more different to each other. Definitely worth the money. I beat the game every few months on the toilet.  This game is responsible for my hemmorhoids. Simple yet tactical turn-based zombie apocalypse sim. The game is crazy hard on the higher levels. It's almost frustrating but that's not a bad thing. It will keep you busy for a few hours. Really great game play Iss good Entertaining I just don't get it. Ohh well. I left it too late for a refund, so enjoy the coin. I didn't enjoy the game. It's ok very repetitive Love this game. I've been looking for a game like this. Good price. Got a next book..idk if anyone else has this problem...but sometimes it goes to title screen, then freezes...love the game, if you could fix this, would up rating to 5 stars I remember playing this on my computer and the app is even better. Truly one of the better stradegy games out there and the price is fair. Great game Good fun as I am a fan of strategy games The only time I put this game down is when my battery dies. Would be better with audio/less reading, though the game  itself is a good time waster. Didnt even have to read any reviews and what not. I've played this game on the pc and I loved it. I knew the app version was out there somewhere but I didn't remember the name, thankfully google recommended it. Worth trying, hope the developer makes more games like this Sarah is great. This game is great Great game never had a problem Lost too much time in this game... But I regret nothing Good job on this one Good game Highly-entertaining. I've already spent hours upon hours of game time just playing this game. Its system is easy to get into but definitely tough to master. I enjoyed this game so much that I bought Rebuild Gangs of Deadsville on Steam Early Access! Addictive game So much fun! Very creative and fresh title Leuk spel, met variatie tov de online versie. This is an awesome game.  The concept is a cool way to approach the zombie genre and the fact that you can train your survivors in 5 different skills is, something new to me. The best thing though is that 5 of your survivors can be carried over to a new game with their stats,in tact making it a,bit easier on the harder difficulties. I was,surprised how much you can do in this game...researching upgrades to increase your food production or your combat and much more. its quite addicting! Great game but I'm only getting to play the same level over and over no  addition levels no settings. Took me an hour to finish, maybe I'm doing something wrong?? Fun and doesn't require money to play. No ads, cool game, will entertain for a few days. Def worth the price. The game is good Can't stop playing One play through was enough. Simple graphics, simple gameplay, good writing, and a fresh take on a casual turn-based strategy game.  Also surprisingly power - efficient on my Galaxy 5S. Played this game for years. Amazing I played it and i enjoyed it but can i get a refund please It has a few glitches, but it's pretty good I can't even believe this is a mobile game - the mechanic is actually of appeal to hard core gamers - this game will hook you and rob you of hours and hours.... Superb strategy game Its worth evry single penny love it !!! Clash of clans game+dayz ita freaking awsome highly recommanded! Well worth your time :) Fantastic Great game simple to use. But has no challenge found easy to complete Good, but was expecting a little more choice and differences. Cant wait for the next installment though! I would have paid more. No in game purchases, and progress at your own pace. At 3 bucks, its better than a bag of chips! I've always loved the rebuild series and the Mobil version is no exception. Great gameplay and a great game to play when you wanna waste time. I really enjoy playing it. Great game! Solid game play and good fun This game seriously took me all day to figure out how to win on impossible level.  So spoiler alert...anyways, u can import 5 characters (so max them out on skills), to another city on another difficulty.  Then get turret towers cuz they can clear out nearby zombies, which gives you more attack and explore moves and takes only 1 person to operate (pretty rigged) before you use that last person, this lets you clear areas around your fort to reduce threat.  Make sure your people are feed, again with research. I enjoyed this game, about the right length to play through it, took a couple hours. Quickly became a great way for me to waste time on my mobile. Waiting for a sequel Played the second one on the computer and enjoyed it, love this game. The game is quite enjoyable, but the UI is very cumbersome to use for protracted periods of time. Very fun game to pass the time Played it on the computer way back, carries over seamlessly. Tons of replay value. Well worth the price. Interesting, but not for me. This game is an amazing city builder with the inclusion of zombies and weirdos. It has multiple endings and difficulty levels that make replaying the game fun and different every time. Do not usually submit feedback but this game earned it, takes a little time to get started but it is an amazing game. One of the  best zombie strategy games I have played.  A lot of replay value Great Great music and a little too static gameplay. One of my favorites though. Terrible. Played it for a few hours. Good game waiting for the next installment I love these strategy games which also require some element of luck, you know... to keep you on your toes. Still working on the harder settings and failing hard but it's still fun. The dialogue is amusing and the art is good. I looked up some of Sarahs other games and i'll be waiting for new releases from this very talented game developer. When's the sequel out? :) A well balanced and fun game that does not force you to reduce your gaming experience to microtransactions. Love this Love this games been playing it for ever It's the best game to do with zombies I have got on my phone and I have a lot of them Great dynamic game! No bugs that I've noticed, pretty easy to learn and challenging as hell on the worse difficulties.  I thoroughly enjoy playing it. Especially after playing for free so long on computer. Needs more things to do At first I thought I had wasted my money but after ten minutes I was hooked. Its a very good game and it was done well. Great work devs I have been addicted to the PC version of Rebuild for years. I put off buying it for my tablet because I could play it for free online. But this version has so many more features, including character leveling and item use. Amazing Really cool fun game and stable app. wish had more to do but was very addictive. was worth the price Fun addicting and worthwhile if you are good at survival strategy Breathtakingly awesome Usually play it on a boring day of relaxation. Brilliant simple little game, good replay value, cany wait to try #2 & #3 My husband said this reminded him of a 2D top down State of Decay. I have to agree!  I played 1 run through of it and plan on another very soon!  Awesome game! Thanks! Challenging but not too hard Amazing Game cant wait for the new versions for mobile! This is worthy of the price. It's like taking the game and making it mobile. It's even better with the added features. Can't wait until the next one. Didn't think it would be but it was awesome Impossible is literally just that. Hold out as long as possible. I haven't made it through winter yet. One day though. ;) Great game One of the top 10 games ever. Tons of replay ability, absolutely fun This is probably the best strategy game available on android. City building and zombies, what more could you want? Played for 4 hours straight on my nexus 7.. Couldn't put it down. It's not that bad just needs New updates. From the first few minutes of playing I thought I have had made the worst purchase of my life. But I was soon taking that back, after persevering through what I thought was a horrible game time began to slip away hour after hour. This game is the best game I've have ever bought. It has ton of replay value and will have you for hours without really wasting any battery which was a shock to me! The only thing I don't like about it is the ui and the art but its worth it to look past it. Kudos Sarah Played though the easy and enjoyed it.  A good game to play a few turns and come back to any time.  Looking forward to the harder levels now. Straightforward but fun way to pass the time. Wintertime is the most challenging when you have to work out ways to feed your starving community. Well worth the price of admission. I love the theme, it plays out like a modern zombie movie or tv series.  The game mechanics are intuitive which means you spend your playing the game, not just learning how it works. That is all Enough Said! When is the sequel coming out? Good game worth the money Fantastic game. Kind of tricky to get the hang of, but once you do, you start appreciating jow incredibly entertaining it is. I have wasted MANY hours on this little diamond of a game. Great game's Overall I enjoy this app, would give 5 stars if i didn't ave so many game crashes. Love love love!!  Totally addicted!  I play over & over.  Each game is different and fun. Probably the best zombie themed game on Google play Only problem is the slight repetitiveness  at the end This is the type of game we should pay for. Do an action and it's done immediately, no waiting 24 hours for some annoying countdown. Excellent game and no freemium bs. Thank you! Highly recommend just wish there were some variations added. I think you have made a game evey one can love its a mind buster it is. And for such a low price I'm glad I got it :) Worth every penny.  Used to play the flash version.  Will give 6 stars when you can customize the looks of the survivors too...also when we're allowed to give 6 stars. Waste of money. Plague Inc is way better AND it's free, PLUS it actually has replay value.   It gets boring: scout, click new day, scavenge, click new day, recruit survivors, click new day, kill zombies, click new day, reclaim area, click new day.   That's all this game is about - nothing else. Although I must say, it's difficult to stop playing. It's addictive..lol I love this game! It keeps me entertained for hours. I once thought I had a grasp on the concept of God, then I played this game. Now he's someone I used to know.  Good times Rebuild is an interesting game of decisions. You chose the direction of your city, right or wrong. Your decisions impact game play. You can play this for many hours. The only part I didn't care for was the end. Once you agree to use the helicoptor or city hall to transport people to a new city. The old city and all your acomplishments are gone. No coming back. This game is great only if it was that easy if zombie do attack Great game, requires thinking and good strategy. Still yet to find all 7 endings. Hope theres a Rebuild 2 planned for release Simple and straightforward tutorial. Decent strategy, very user friendly.   Well worth the 3$ I paid for it. Great freedom and customization. Very open ended with varying situations that force you to think and plan ahead. Best zombie game on Android? At first, I thought this was only on the computer which made me sad because I loved the game and wanted to take it on the go, and now I can! I'm just waiting for the second one, but this is still great! (Second one has come out on computer just so you know com enters :-) ) This could be the best bang for your buck title on the play store.  I was surprised by the random crap that happens in this game,  it gave me choices that actually mattered and were worth thinking about.  Assign recruited characters to specific roles, edit their names, assign scavenged equipment.  Those characters? They level up too. Oh yeah, it has zombies.... All in all, this game is epic! Simple yet addictive strategy game. Faithful to zombie culture and funny bits makes this game a great time waster. Worst 3 bucks ever. . I loved this on iOS and bought it again here because I still play regularly nothing i can say that hasn't been said, the sequel however will be a massive expansion, well worth the $10 Tons of fun and easy to learn This is the same game as the rebuild 2 flash game. It's an well-written and entertaining zombie puzzle/strategy game. Pretty hard at the beginning, but it gets easier once you figure out a strategy and do a New Game+. Looks can be deceiving as this game seemed as if it would be rubbish,turned out to be complex,intriguing and a great game to play! Can't put it down. I started playing it on computer a while back. Had to get it for the tablet... the one thing I wont enjoy is buying this one, then having to pay for the new one..... I wouldnt mind some new updates... Most mobile games are simple time wasters, this game has very satisfying depth and enjoyment. It's a great game. Classic and entertaining. Not what u expect at first. Once you get into it... its pretty awesome. Would have given a 5 star if it wasnt for the lock ups... Quite a superbly excellent game! Exceptional replayability. Numerous endings. Tough decisions. Rad soundtrack. Great difficulties. Über cool names. Hordes of zombies. Soooo goooood! It's awesome Go hard or go home is the way to play rebuild on the 2 highest difficulties.  Always scout around while taking land and a must is recruiting no matter the cost. Also gamble and enjoy the mobile brothel as you need to keep people happy. Fun game Not worth it, it's good but very limited and quickly beat, more like a 0.99 cent game, tho no adds for the most part Awesome game Great game I absolutely love this game. It is incredibly satisfying to Fun and alotta quality content for 3 bucks more a thinker then action pay 3 bucks and not have to deal with buying this n that or wait 56 hours for something to happen I tried out the version you can play in a computer browser, and this is a pretty big step up from that. There's a lot more customization and depth to this version. Definitely worth a dollar. I played this to death on kongregate and i am so happy to have it on my phone.  It scratches almost every video game itch I have, save one.  Everything is top notch and satisfying. I played it for hours at a time and only stopped when I won. I have played this game before on a website and it is really cool! The Android version seems to have more options available to you. Definitely a must have!! I can only get a few minutes into the game before it stops working This is an instant classic. Thoroughly addicting.  Without splash screens and basic graphics, this game is a testament to how far an engaging plotline and solid gameplay can get you.  Sarah northway is just plain awesome. Great way to relax and lose a few hours. No animation at all. Static pictures. This is basically a text adventure with pictures. The challenges are trivial and of rudimentary complexity. The $3 price tag makes this a ripoff. If it were under a dollar it may have been worth it. Is to bad because the general premise of the game is a good one. Where it fails is in its execution. This is a good zombie survial game it has so much replay value in it more updates :) Still playing it after a year, lots of fun Stable fun turn based game. Great game as it is. Keep expanding it to keep it from getting boring. My only complaint is that the turrets don't automatically clear zombies if I end the turn without telling them to do so.  And I, dear reader, am a COMPLAINER.  This is a great game! Great app! Pretty worth it. I've been  wondering why someone hadn't made a game like this. It's like Oregon trail but with zombies. Anyways I like the fact that you can put your city name on there. It's pretty cool. Its be even more awesome if a new game used Google maps and you had to pick where you would hold up. Addictive fun. Kept me going for ages,  like the fact you can carry a few survivers through in a kinda new game plus,  and you can continue the game to find all the endings This game is not for people who like action I like this game a lot even though all of its reading and commanding and managing the chance of losing makes it fun and so many different ways to win as well I enjoy the game and probably replayed it a few time already. The major downside it that it keeps crashing over and over. I emailed Google but I'm not sure if they forward the report to the author every time I sent one Enjoy the game. A good time killer. ADDICTED!!!!!!!!! Tons o fun!!! It has been game that I play at least once a day for years. It will never be replaced. Are you coming out with any new updates? You should make it so that you can play multiple cities at once after you beat the first with the helicopter. talk about taking control over a city full of zombies Really fun, spent a lot of time on this game Really good except winter is really hard coz ur farms dont work. Took a few turns to understand the mechanics of the game but once you get a grasp on it it's highly addictive, crank the difficulty and you'll have a challenge on your hands. It's got a good story with plenty of pop culture references. Well worth a buy for any sim fan. Great game, plays just like on the PC but with more content. I highly recommend it to anybody who likes zombie games. Such a simple game with poor graphics, yet very addictive strategic gameplay. As zombie and strategy lover I look forward to a more elaborate version of this game :) I cannot wait for the next one.  :D Loved it on the computer love it on my phone! Really good game I loved the game on the PC and I love it on my android even better now that I can take it everywhere with me. Great game!! Really good game!! Very addictive and the variation of difficulties is very good. Has its bugs but worth playing tons of fun Love this game. Simple to use, lots of replay value and it's got zombies! But it costs $3 doesn't cost anything on the computer. I mean come on seriously? I wish you would make different options for the surroundings add more building and options for itens and food sources and update tech more it suck when you play with a big map and gets repetitive A FANTASTIC GAME! So simple yet so engaging! Game keeps freezing after couple minutes play time :-( Great little game for the price. Wish there were a little more to do in the game though. Still its a grrat way to pass time. Game is great fun, and addictive as hell, but the difference in difficulty between levels seems a little too great. I wipe the floor with "kind of hard" and get owned in "challenging" mode. Probably just some strategy I'm not getting just yet, so no stars docked for that. Fun fun fun. Worth every cent. Graphics are a bit meh but I enjoy the gameplay Good game, addicting and fun but no longer loads on Incredible 2 after the last update. Change log would be nice. Winter was a surprise & seems impossible. Nice cheap price for a great little game. A good challenge for those that want it as well as a neat little storyline. Well worth the money! Don't download if you are looking for an intense shooter. More like surviving. I also suggest making a group of traders to trade food for simple weapons Good game. I have spent a bit of time with this game and quite enjoy it. Slows down a little when you have more than one large city but otherwise its pretty cool, It's ok game, idntk how can u play it longer than couple day's.Its getting boring. Sweet Game Can't wait for sequel Fun game It's awesome... Plays great... 4 Hours straight 1st time through...Never missed a beat... Best game I have played awesome game PS. Let the scientist in The game runs smoothly has a lot of potential I'm enjoying it I wish there could be in game store to buy weapons or something otherwise the game can still be improved Good game, could use an update and more content but then again it's free so quit yer bitchin  Solid game, enjoyed first play through on Galaxy Tab 2, likely to play several more times Good job, but the problem is that big maps get tedious. But good news the game has ways to end it sooner. Not sure how killing a bunch of zombies results in greater threat, and the fact that the game bombards you with hordes of 150-200 every turn when making a constitution are ridiculous. Not worth the $, but that's all that matters, I guess, $ Truly a fun and addictive game. Thanks Sarah Always skeptical regarding paying for games as I bore quickly, but this is one of my favourite games on any platform. Imagine "The Walking Dead" meets "Sim City". Had this game for over a year, still a great game to come back to. I recommend it. Worth every penny. You can play this game a million times and it is still great. Dead simple easy interface and not ever had a problem Exelent app... im a fan of rebuild sens it came out in armor games webcite for Pc... I've been playing this game for years. I still love it. Amazing depth, can't wait for the sequel! Wow, I cannot put the game down! I really love turn-based strategy games and this takes the cake. I love it! Great game, well made and very replayable. I'm having a great time with this game. Gameplay is simple yet enjoyable. There is not a whole lot of explanation to how some of the buildings work. But that just makes the game more fun to learn. A good simple strategy and resource management game, with zombies Amazing little game, loads of ways to win and you can keep playing after you have finished any one path I played this on the pc awhile back, even after a year this game is still so much fun to play. Its hard to put down a game this fun. It's ok......not very versatile Really awesome game I just have one problem. How do u go hunting? I find it nowhere explained in the tutorial. Like these kind of games. Nice graphics. Suspenseful without being stressful. Can take your time since its turn-based. Fun and replayable. I played this on my pc and loved it. Downloaded the app and I still love it!  Great game. One of the best ever zombie games, now on my phone... its as good now as it has ever been, very addictive too, Once I started playing I couldn't stop, but I hate the church of the chosen ones honestly they kept commiting suicide wow I must say I wasn't expecting such a in depth game. Highly addictive and well made game, great progressively challenging difficulty levels and plenty to do/sercrets to discover. Plus, doesn't put a strain on your battery or need wifi like so many games Best strategic game I've played for Android so far. Solid game A pretty well polished simulator. Not a huge amount to it and it will not overly tax your strategic decision making but it is very fun nonetheless. I love this app even more. You can't really trust ratings on google play anymore, but believe me when I say this app is worth the money. Download and enjoy! This game was awesome online and she made it even more awesometastic for android. Absolutely blown away and I can't wait for the sequel. But some problems with crshes  Need patch This game is so awesome that I forgot to go to sleep the first night playing! One suggestion that is probably off the wall, but have actual zombie battles when zombies attack. It doesn't have to be complex, just a simple FPS battle with some zombies moving toward you at different speeds. Very addictive game You can see the end. Its not an endless game. In number 2 u should make the seasons change from winter to summer and back throughout the game. Like after 50 turns it should change... It is the first time that I played several hours without stopping on my galaxy tab3. Well done. I dont regret to pay. Was worth the money Before I knew it, I had been playing for 2 hr's! Great game. I'd rather pay $3 and have a good game design then those free micro transaction games any day I always played on the computer now I don't have to wait till I get home Amazing game!!!! One of the best games I have played for android Good simple game Awesome sim/strategy game!  The guy who said it was unputdownable was sooooo bang on!  The artwork and music create a great atmosphere while you try to rebuild after the zombipocalypse.  Where's my 6th star?  I want to give it another star! What a good way to pass time. One of the best games on Android wort every cent! Great games Great job on this one. A good play through with a lot of potential Such a amazing game also i live in vancouver XD Excellent game with many possibilities, hours of game time especially on the harder levels. A must have! Too repetitive and plain. Great game.  Can't wait for the next one to come out. But its fun! And a perfect mobile game. Fun, addictive, cheap (haha), worth it! Zombies and rts rule Beat it everyway. Very fun. Easy and can pick up at leisure thank to the option to save, found lost an he very quickly Love sim city type games. I love the random zombie attacks interspersed with the giant hordes that you are alerted to. Easy controls and enough customization to please most. I do wish there were more faces to choose from... all the ones I see are kinda ugly haha. Still, I'm pleased with my purchase. Not like other zombie games where u hv to wait to fill ur power in order to finish the task.very good.. Played this for free on the internet had to download for mobile so i could play on the go awsome game 5* This app has hours of playtime. Just fantastic. Brilliant when you name people, people you know. Brings a twist to the game. Great game play too. Love it! Great game, can play it literally for hours on end!  Worth every cent~ &lt;3 I was pretty skeptical about paying $2.99 for a game that looked like this did. The graphics aren't the greatest and the gameplay didn't look interesting, but you shouldn't judge a book by its cover. I haven't been able to put this game down since buying it. It's very addicting and I have played it through multiple times.  Strategy, pure strategy.  I love the random events and the witty humor. Plus there are hordes of undead.  What's not to like? Great game for loosing time :)  Works great on my tablet,  Could benefit alot from some additional gameplay. This game is definitely worth the few dollars. Its very addicting and this is how game apps should be made. Great game! Fun game!! Very well written - there is a few bugs here and there but nothing that will totally ruined your enjoyment of the game.  Artwork can be a little hokey but that's part of the charm.  Definitely worth the money. That is all :3 Pretty good game. Easy on the battery too. I hope the creator builds on this game and puts out another game! (Even more in depth) But I always kill my phone playing this would definitely pay for a sequel Fun!  So I read all the descriptions and thought Meh... But they were spot on. The game is short but replay ability is huge. Taking different paths and making different choices kept me coming back... And the sound track is by far the best for any app I have ever played. My only constructive criticism, is that the art could've been a little darker to match the mood Felt monotonous after just a couple round. Even on the smallest city, the dialog gets repetitive. Very little variety in buildings. The artwork was ok and I like the overall style of it, but it needs more depth and variety. Fairly simple to learn and really fun to play. Winter sucks though. Finally I can play this game.  I only give 3 because when I 1st bought this game I could not play it. Nothing beats this for sheer class Can't stop More complex and in depth than it first appears. I like the way you can take some of your survivors to a new town which provides some continuity to the story and makes it feel more like a real world. It does become repetitive after some time though. Well worth the money. Hi, after installing this game and launching it all I can see is blank screen. I can only see X button on the window. I can also see red background.  Can even see the main game. Please fix ASAP! I love this game. But gave it 4 stars because stopped working and had to reinstall. I found out about this game because my uncle was playing it and its great Great time waster. Fun and easy to play. This game is great. I couldn't put it down. A fun game that lacks variety. Clicking away the same comments, same 'wildcards' and finding the same strategy works every time became tedious. Love this game. Very deep. Like the strategy if the game however I wish for buying this you would get a deal on further Rebuild games.  Awesome game Over all great game. Pretty good details for an android game. 5 stars easy. This game is great if you're a zombie fanatic like I am. For quick sessions to long gaming sessions. If you're stuck in a situation that your forced to wait around. Here's the solution! Cant wait for the next one! Good fun, but lacks replay value - a critical requirement of a paid-for game. The game becomes highly repetitive very quickly. The "random" events are the same in each level, so after the first play through you know how to answer them for the next. From the review score this game has received, I expected a lot more for my money, however at this time I'm left feeling a little ripped off. The menus, for example when you pick survivors for a task, lags terribly and makes me get bored of the game quickly. Otherwise a very fun and immerse game. Boop beep nuff said I hope you make more games like this For being an app bassed game it's superb. Definitely worth actually paying for. The biggest replay value factor of this strategy game is that you simply cannot just rehash the same tactics with higher difficulty levels in the city recapturing simulation. I love the challenge the game randomly throws me into with every passing day on the 'impossible' difficulty. A must play for any new or veteran strategy players. Well worth the money since it really is hard to put down once you start. (Also it has auto-save, so you can recapture your city on the go) Addictive, challenging, smart. Perfect game app to kill a few hours Brilliant, involving and slightly addictive. Easy to learn, but devilishly hard on harder levels. Could only be improved if they paid you to play. It's fun for a little while. But becomes repetitive very fast. This game is as addictive as it is frustrating, making the replay value extremely high. Well done. Great strategy game with good storyline, humour, and killer difficulty on some of the harder levels. Wish there were more 'proper' strategy games like this on Android. Really well made game, needs good mix of strategy and a bit of luck. Very addictive! Awesome way to pass the time. Wish you had more choices to make, but hey it's fun. Fun I would play this game till the end of  my days A Refund Would love more depth to it Great game, opens and plays well; Other than initial purchase price there are NO ingame purchases and NO adverts - much appreciated considering some games nowadays. Highly Recommended!! Can't put it down Five stars for more interaction with city control Clearly you've put alot of effort  into this. Kept me up for so long! Best game so far! Keep going!! I was just going to check this game out real quick because a friend had given it a +1 and the next thing I knew several hours had passed and I was still having a blast! I would love more updates or another game. Its addicting lol I played it on the computer and it has been perfectly ported to the phone.Anyone who likes strategy/management games will love this game.      Great strategy game, and love the replay value! Ok entertainment for a short while  Very addictive game for a modest price. Great replay value. i love it. the art is cool the plot is cool. has a good multiple way of ending. Lots of good survival and zombie killing fun. Favorite flash game --&gt; now favorite mobile game Simple to learn but complex enough in terms of outcomes to keep you riveted!  Great strategy app, peppered with morbid humor that's very tongue in cheek. I played this first on Newgrounds and this game grows on you. Make sure to play it on hard for awesome experiences. Good game. Walking Dead meets Urban Dead. Well worth a go Great take on a zombie game, loads of different gameplay ideas throughout the different difficulties. Looking forward to the sequel! The design of the game means playing again amd again using different tactics is still fun. A ton of fun but I've played the heck out of it and need more!!  I hope sequel comes soon, and for android. Absolutely love this game. If somehow a sequel makes it, id love to see this game expanded with deeper mechanics and more complex stuffs. This game + state of decay(pc/xb360) would be my dream game  Good replayabilty and difficult. Would love to see more games like this. My only real complaint about this zombie like sims Game that i happily shelled out 3 bucks for is that its nearly impossible to read the small writing that is throughout the entire game. at this point in time i can't even play it really but i still gave 5stars because people with bigger screens will love it.  its impossible to read the tiny writing on my small optimus elite. A zoom function wouldbe what i need. Will change once you fix the constant crashes I love it. Must buy  Clicks too loud.  Plz nerf. I agree with this statement.   Love this game. A+ This is the best turn based game on Android. Love it and can't wait until the sequel comes out! Very good 5 out 5 dudes Excellent play, simple gui, funny, not pretentious, original soundscape... Great Game. The game itself runs smoothly. I found the music more annoying than setting a mood but thats my only complaint.  Gameplay is fun and random events keep things moving along. A simple and fun TBS game where it does not take days to play one scenario. Interface is well suited for phones. Design and story are good. Great game to relax to when on the loo lol   ^ I really like this game,I can't wait till rebuild gangs of deadsville comes out I played this year's ago and it's still as good as I remember. This has to be 1 of the best games I've ever played! Its fun, strategic, and ADDICTIVE. Totally worth buying. Love it This my favorite game for android You would have thought someone would have copied it in the last couple of years, but still the endless tower defence clones continue. I want more. Manages to convey the excitement of rebuilding humanity after the zombie apocalypse, balancing efficiency, risk and moral choices. Love this app Works great when traveling :). One of the games I will have it in mu phone for a long time Good pacing, fun premise, definitely repayable. Would buy again. This game has provided me hours of entertainment. Well worth the price. Keep busy Would love to give it 5 stars but the game freezes and shuts down somewhat frequently. When it happens the current turn is totally lost. Thank God for autosave otherwise more than one turn could be lost. Love this game so addicting I love it just hope the next one has different levels. Also how do you keep from starving during the winter? Some graphical errors in the  text but apart from that kept me occupied for two days Once I worked out what I needed to actually do, this game kept me playing until the we hours of the morning, it really keeps you plugging away until the town is saved. I feel like I am playing on a loop. It needs more. The church of chosen ones kills all your people Great game I play it all the time.  I enjoyed playing. It was really different than any game I've played, but didn't last long enough for what it cost. I come back to it once in a while now. Keeps me busy for a few hours. Hope for more updates to come.  And still getting up updated a few years later, great! Excellent game. Simple, fun, and engrossing. I played as the "Governor" of "Woodbury". Worth every penny, and I like not having to look at advertising. Major props to the Maker. Love it. I gotta go, gotta play.    Thumbs up. This game is fantastic! !! Love it!!! By far the most addicting android game ive come across yet, tons of replay value!!! Wicked. No down side besides it costs money. Worth it though. No close issues, no annoying pay to play aspect, no waiting. Just good old fashioned addicting game.  Rare is it that I play games on phones originally built for browsers but I was plesantly suprised to find this is the better version    Just one request...(in hopes that it isn't too difficult, because I know nothing), can it rotate on a droid? I wanna keep playing but due to a dead spot on my phone, I cant change the difficulty level and it's stuck on "seriously hard". I paid and wanna play! Many hours of replayability. I'm going with the sequel before I make any judgements about this one but I still like it Good zombie game This game its great! It provides challenge when you want it and the soundtrack is pretty good. My only real complaint is that during end game it can start to drag on a bit. Replay gets boring. Soaked up a full day into this game Flawless victory. At the start I thought I made a mistake getting it but after 10 minutes of playing I fell in love with it  Can't stop playing this game :) Absolutely brilliant game and so addictive. Find myself unable to stop, always one more turn, one more turn. More endings and having kids. Not a bad little game wish it was a little more  I get that this is an indie game made largely by one person, in that sense it's a great accomplishment. But there are still lots of features that I'm really hoping to see in the sequel, and if they're still not there... Well I'll just have to make my own post  apocalyptic city building Sim   First played this on Kongregate. Glad to see the same great game on the Play Store. This game provides an original gameplay, a simplified SimCity style where you explore your location to clear out new areas of zombies and find weapons, food and other survivors. You need to find the capital and clear out a certain number of locations to win. There is a variety of things to do and the theme is great, but after one or two play through's it gets repetitive. Worth the money I ended up playing the online version of this game, and I loved it. And playing the mobile version, I have to say I love this one even more. One of the best games out there. I played this back when it was new on Newgrounds, it was awesome then and awesome now. Definitely worth the cost, hell I would say its worth even more lol Im addicted Love the game  Think it should 've been 99 cents but it's a fun turn based game. Highly Recommend it. Just wish it were more affordable or had different missions n stuff I come back so often and try to do better.   The harder levels are seriously hard.  Awesome! Can't wait for the next one. My God, stop making this game so good.  Very fun strategy.  It's good to play a more unusual zombie game. Not a bad game and had it been free it would have got a better rating. Was done the game in less than 2 hrs. Game offers zero replay value. Those who claim this has replay value surely must have been paid to say so, or must have such a simple mind that perhaps you are a zombie.    Sucks you in, just like Civilisation, worth ever cent. Worked on rooted Xoom and unrooted Note 2 Can't wait until the sequel! Really enjoyed it. Replay value limited though, so think it should have been cheaper. Sarah Northway has put together a great package with this game. Great art, great music, great gameplay.   If forced to give a critique I would suggest that the game could do with a few more areas of research  as it is too easy to work through them.  However this is a minor quibble as the game offers great value as-is.  Looking forward to the forthcoming sequel! Good work, Sarah! Overall decent game.  Turn based strategy games are hard to come by these days, and good ones are even more rare.  The game doesn't change much from the first time you play to the second.  The "unputdownable" review is crap, though.  While it's a decent time waster, I have grown bored within a few hours. I also agree with earlier reviews that this is a $.99 app at best. You have to TRY to lose at this game. You really get attached to your people Cant wait for the sequel It's the perfect game for a phone, also love how there are no in app purchases, so good to be able to buy a game and the money ends there  Wish it had more replay value. Could only play a few times before I ran out of new things to do.  Great game...  possibly add more depth in the future?  Really good job. A Fun game but it really needs an update  Real nice strategy game, easy to play. Look forward to the next one This is one of the least fun games I've ever played. Can't believe I wasted money on this. Very unsatisfied	Yep Fun game. Just the right difficulty and many ways to win. I have played this for many many hours and im about to start a new game with the difficulty bumped up another notch. This is almost exactly the type of zombie game  I was looking for. I'm ready for when the real zombie apocalypse falls upon humanity now. The mark of any game for me is hoe many times I can replay it without getting the exact same result. In the case of this game, I find the replay to be quite high on the more difficult settings I've played so much over the last few days that my wife left and took the kids. My world is crashing down around me and all I can think about is this game. I'll buy a dog. Well worth the money a little short if you speed through it. Great story and I love the fact that the cities and survivors are random makes the game totally replayable. I'll be buying the next one as soon as I can. Thank you for the great game. Great game the game is quite interesting but lack content to make it anything else than a 1-2days of play game. still good but these days you get more complete games for cheaper than this. id suggest waiting for the sequel I don't just play when there is nothing else to do.  This game is fun to play and isn't just a good time killer. Good game gets a bit repetitive but fun Makes you think about tactics and sacrifice. Repayable only a few times though. Love the game! I really loved the com version im hopping this one will be just as good I dig it Great game, smooth learning curve. Challenging and strategic. Really addicting and fun THAT IS ADDICTIVE Great fun Pretty awesome Very fun game. Kept me entertained for many hours. Best game you have ever made Sarah! Games amazing!! Just bought and installed this app on my driod incredible and it won't work at all Good level of strategy, nice graphics, no bugs and a captivating story in the genre of The Walking Dead. Fun lasts long Not really addictive as the gameplay gets repetitive overtime, although there are random events to keep you on your toes. There are replay value, certainly, but only if you like to do the same thing over and over. Would still recommend though. Cheap copy of the computer version not even nearly as good. Waste of money Good time killing zombie game.. I really enjoy this game.  It has a lot of replayability.  I wish that the tech tree had more options.  I intend to buy the next installment. Awesome team of devs! At last a game without the IAP crap! Congrats! Godder Love this game. Can't wait for the sequel. Looking for survivors? Zombies around? This is the world of Rebuild. Feels alot like the Walking Dead. Great turn based strategy game.  Just the right amount of stuff to manage - enough for plenty of decisions to make but not so much as to be tedious.  As an added bonus, it's surprisingly atmospheric.  Also, I love that it's free from ads or in-game purchases.  Outstanding. Perfect style game for me. Wish more was being added with updates to keep it fun, IE more building types or game modes like a survival mode once youve beaten the game, just Something since the game does get a bit dull. K Great game if you like zombie survival/time management style games. TONS of replay ability.  I can't wait until the new dlc. Worth every single penny. Great Game! This game is a lot of fun! There is a lot to learn but, the tutorial does a decent job at assisting you. I don't download many games on my phone, but this is one I would not pass up! It works flawlessly on my Note 3. If you want a time consuming game where you can consider your strategy when your not playing the game then implement your actions at a later time, this is a worthy buy! First played Rebuild on Kongregate long ago, happy to see mobile version. Pre-order new version people, get on board. I dont always spend money on games but this one is worth it Good for a couple of hours and the repeat, repeat, repeat even if you win the 1st scenario you just get the 1st scenario again with a different level of difficulty.  Needs more variety. to say at least, it's a great 12 hours of entertainment for only 0.99 (sale). some ideas to improve it:  1.the auto save really makes me don't want to think too much about my next move cause i can just undo it, so please make it customizable. 2.i think you should dig deeper about the "sim city" aspect of the game. ie if you build some thing next to something you'll get happiness bonus or security bonus, and add more type of buildings. 3.or you can add some  "sims" aspect, ie after conquering a whole map, you can get married, have children etc. If you like strategy games and you like zombies, then this is the game for you! This is such a fun and addicting game to play loads of stuff you can do. Best tging is its not really easy to win. Alot of thinking is needed and that's what I love about this game. 5 stars from.me. An interesting game. I hope to see more from the next release. Great game. Ok Great game,can't wait for an update Sucks you in.  Can't wait for rebuild 2 I am so glad this came to Android great game Its a cool game its great for flying through time and the graphics are pretty cool they did a good job on this but it would be better if you could have more buildings    So to summarize its worth $3.00 Hard mode is definitely hard. I like this game and looking forward for the sequel. I hope the sequel is much morw improved. Would have given an extra star but to have excellent progress totally wiped out by a stupid church and followers jumping to their days... Is ridiculous. Wish the second one would come out already. Thanks Sarah for the sale. I missed the 25 cent sale but I couldn't resist the temptation this time. :-) great game.  Still a wonderful game! Love this. When I allowed the church of the chosen ones to do they're thing it won't let me reclaim anything after I killed all the zombies and it kills all my survivers please help me someone please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! looking forward to the next one! Worth buying! Great game, incredible nail biting tension. Crazy scientist stole my research plant. Wonder if any good comes from that Great game.  Tutorial helpful.  Could do with some more twists as you play the different scenarios Things feel very familiar after a few times through, but it was fun for a while. I'm sure I'll pick it up from time to time. TAkes long to download The games replay value is very low This is a good app. First time through was pretty fun. However, I don't feel like it was worth the price. This is a 99¢ app at best. After first time through which only takes a few hours it just seems repetitive. The graphics could use some work too. When you equip your survivors with tools the way the character looks is pretty cheesy. I won't buy the sequel based on this game. Great Game, great atmosphere, old school fun with no micro-transactios!!	This game is fun in an old school way and reminds me of the old city building games of the 90's. The Atmosphere is just awesome, and well the graphics are not state of the art they are consistant and provide an easy to see and immersive game experiance. The graphics and the music create an atmosphere that reminds me a great deal of the original fallout game, even though that was nuclear and this is zombies.  This is a great game that is well worth your money if you like stratage games. Great app, well worth a purchase I am a fan of zombie games and strategy games and etc, but this game amazed me A good game to play when your bored Great sim and steategy game hybrid.  Many ways to play, win and lose. The game is quite fun and highly strategic, enjoyed it. Not five stars because the graphical presentation is nothing to write home about. Well done. Fun. However after some time it becomes a little bit repetitive Must-have RTS.  Brilliantly made. Can't wait for part 3 Ingame you rebuild a  city that has been overun with zombies, very enjoyable and fun game Good quality I like the game idea its a good way to pass the time and you really want to finish a game once you've started ... I was supposed to be asleep 2 hours ago! You're going to be a problem for me, aren't you? Absolutely love this app! Not what I first expected, but after playing for a while now, I'm very happy and will keep playing to kind of "choose your own adventure". Love. it This is awesome you smart one Fun, but unless you restart your phone it doesn't select the correct building when you tap it, it's like it's calibrated wrong or something. You can't select some buildings at all. Addictive Not bad.  Bit slow at first,  but fun zombie game Great game but every time I reclaimed a certain block It was abandoned the next day Wow, great game, well worth the money. And tons of fun to boot! Very nearly gave up on this game after finishing the first level, but I decided to carry on. It has turned into a very addictive game and I can't put it down. Give it a try, you will be pleasantly surprised. Kept me busy for many an hour! The game offers multiple endings and different levels to challenge the player. For me replay value is high and it worked well with no bugs. I first found it online and was super excited to find this version as well. Its a great price for hours of gameplay. Takes a while to get into but very detailed and enjoyable. Ok but like the simcity like engine its a bit repetitive, albeit quite addictive I wouldn't have spent money on this game except I had already played Plague Inc and loved it once I figured out how to play it. This game is awesome because it plays like a farm game which I prefer and doesn't involve running/shooting. Also doesn't have ads and doesn't have in game purchases. Works great no issues with game play and is fun to play.   Takes a game or two to get the idea but when you figure it out its great. Do not play before bed. You will not get any sleep. Cant put it down. Very fun and challenging. Worth the money Great atmosphere. Strategy could use some more depth. Fun. Glad you can turn off the gross graphics. Short easy game fun but too short Excellent play, scales nicely as you play, and grabbed me for three hours straight in my first play through. Worth every penny and then some. The creator isn't so bad herself. Fun, challenging, different outcomes, different ways to win, lots of replay. Money well spent. Awesome game doesn't describe how cool this game really is. This is a great wee game, really addictive.  Can't wait for the next installment! Purchased this app for £2 what a waste   Of time. Will not load properly. when I did the first 2 pages of game info,  the screen was black with no detail and when I skipped the day the food/happiness went and was covered over by the blackness of the detail where the places where meant to be. What a waste of money, I would like a refund. Addicting game n keei playing Amazing Sweet For the first couple of minutes I thought I had wasted my money on this game but once I learned the objective and how to play it I really like it.  Contrary to what some of the people have said in their ratings,  it does take a lot of strategy to win.    Not a bad price and there is a lot of replay value Nice game Good for an indie game. Not too complex. Not too simple. Artwork seems a bit underdeveloped. Decent game tho Started this game thinking it was awful I was more wrong than ever this is one of the best android games I've played, layers of depth and lots to be interested in cant wait for another game from this lady Love the game Well done... addictive and highly replayable. The game is fun, smooth, and some of the dark humor makes me smile. There's nothing bad everything it's Awesome This is a great game. I played a pc version and this one is just like it. I love it. Great game, Its easy to learn, hard to master in higher difficulties...Overall I've had great fun with the game and for the price its a must have! Variety of levels so can learn workout getting crazy frustrated.  Lots of fun Kept me up late expanding my walled city. Really good city management zombie horror, I think adding achievements in would be pretty swell I LOVE this game so much! Its just so perfect and fun. Its a great time sink. The artwork is good, the little snippits of storyline are entertaining, and the game is really challenging on the difficult settings but nice and laid back on the easy settings. All in all, I'd say its definitely worth buying. Absolutely great game. Had it when it was free. saw that you were a "local developer" and bought immediately. Don't play anymore, but can't help but help support for 99¢ and a great game. Frustrating but addictive Awesome fun Really enjoying this game,  but I have an issue. On my thunderbolt (yeah,  I know) the game locks up if the phone goes to sleep while the game is running. Must force close to fix it. This is a highly addicting game! Fun stories, simple mechanics and great graphics makes the one dollar worth the hours of game play! Love it I kind of crave a little more depth, or more to do, but I'm beyond pleased with this game. I'd love to see more factions to interact with, and maybe some sort of trading system with them. Keep up the good work! One of the best zombie rpg's I've ever played on my phone! It's a fun game but it freezes a lot and last night it froze and I walked away from it and tried to log in when my tab went to sleep and couldn't so it was stuck on the log in screen while playing the in game music Easily the best game on Google! Best strategy game i have seen on mobile / web. Looking forward for sequel! Good Well made, playing nonstop. Very fun simple game.  Crazy addictive Been playing it for a very long time Love the option of the end to take some survivors and start it all again in a new place. Don't be sucked in by most of the ratings. It's not a 5 star game. Maybe a 4 star if there was more balance...or visuals. Pretty mediocre over all. Simply fun Yup Finally a game for your phone that is actually a game instead of an excuse to charge you for special features! Simple gameplay but keeps you playing.... very entertaining storyline with some nice twists. I can't wait for more content. But now its mobile! Yay me I've really enjoyed this game. Lots of fun. This game is fantastic and addictive and finally a game I can play and complete without having to spend extra money!! It's a really good game for passing the time. I never had a problem with this game. Great game to play Pretty fun, watch out for winter though!! Too scared to try on the hardeet difficulties, but man what a great game. Simple but fun... wouldn't call it "strategy" exactly but turn-based games are too few and far between. More of a resource-management type of game. Not so complex that you can't knock out a few turns when you have some time to kill, then save and forget about it for a day or two -- but you can also blow an hour on it and not really notice the time.  Well worth a few bucks, and even better during the 99 cent sale. It is nothing like what you would expect from a stupid smurf game. There is no waiting for 10 hours to get 3 bucks, you manually progress the days. It is fun,  strategic, challenging, and it keeps you playing! I played from 10:00 PM to 3:00 AM without stopping. Horrifyingly addictive! This game is a fun lesson in leadership. Process for scavenging, building, and killing zombies gets a bit tedious with the repetitive clicking one has to do in order to accomplish the task. However, the music track is outstanding and makes the game feel very zen-like. I'm giving 5 stars because of the music. It was fun at first but after you take over your city it gives you the option of.starting a new one but it's just the.same.thing all over over all its 2 -maybe 3 stars Awesome game although it would be nice to have more than 3 save slots can't get enough! Can't put it down. Great game. Great design. Play it for a few mins or a few hours. I am sold on the next game coming out for sure Great game I love zombies and I love building stuff. That is what this game is all about! :) It also features amazing, realistic and detailed special scenarios. I am a programmer myself and I am impressed with this game. Well done! Worth it I have been playing these games on Newgrounds for a long time. When I saw it was on Google play I bough it without hesitation. It lives up to the others. Thank you. I can't play more than a day or two at a time because it will freeze and become unresponsive. PleaIse fix, it's a great game. Greate rouge like turn based strategy game. Gives a good challenge while keeping it pretty simple. Looking forward to sequel. I like that it has so many endings! Was great on pc and now I can play it on the go. Good game, thought havent tried harder level. School could have been better. Overall Ive recommended to friends. I will keep playing this for a while. I'll get my $1 worth out of it My favorite android game. Play over and over. Can't wait for the next one. Love it You just play it over and over.  It never gets boring. Addicted Just perfect It won't install on Samsung galaxy Centura Ummm I payed and cant play This is gotta be one of the most addicting game I have ever played hope you make many more games like this Love it! Great game. Good way to spend your down time at work! I love you :) Really frickin fun....sharks with lasers on they heads kinda fun Challenging and addictive Quick moving strategy games - a little weird & creepy but fun Awesome! One of the only games on my phone Phenomenal! You owe it to yourself to give this game a shot! Gets old relatively quickly,but I definitely got my moneys worth. Love this game! played on my computer when I saw it in the Google store and knew I could have it on my phone I was so happy would definitely recommend zombie fans!! Glad I spent a dollar, fun game, I actually replayed it already and had more fun the second time trying different strategy. No iap or ads! Fifth star for that alone. I wish I could tell you how this game is but repealed force close on the note 3. Awesome game Awsome game Great game I am eagerly awaiting a sequel. Another sequel please Zombies and turn-based strategy?! Great combination. The details are creative and humorous too. Great game. A good mix of grimness and humour. A very fun time killer or preparedness trainer, depending on your take. But pretty short wish they added more things to do before ending one city Good but could be a lot better. Well done. Want more. MOOooOoooOooAaAaaaaaAaaaARRRRRRRRR. Interesting Well designed and written, Rebuild has great replay value. It features multiple endings and leveling characters, equipable items and a research tree...Great game, I recommend it. Build, manage resources, scavenge, barricade, clear out zombies, rescue survivors and create your own post - apocalyptic society. Lots to do, really enjoying this game... Super.  And i never rate games. Good game but freezes a lot. Would get at least one more star if could fix it. This should keep my interest for a while Simply one of the best turn-based strategies for android. The interface is intuitive and easy to work out and the difficulty levels and encounters make for plenty of replayability. Very well written with a slight touch of dark humor make for an excellent, well paced game. It was awesome the first time I ever played it on a computer was glad when I seen they had an app version of it I expected some type of new content from this old Flash game ported to Android, but received none. A game I keep going good back to again and again. An excellent time waster with fun gameplay A well-engineered strategy game with good graphics and enough entertainment.  Simple to figure out, but lots of depth and replay value.  I don't give 5 stars often, but Rebuild deserves it! I'm hooked. Great mobile game Since the last update, I've been completely unable to discover the Cure ending in 90% of games. I get the Doctor, give him his assistant, complete his hoard research, and discover the antivenom, but then most of the time nothing happens even if I keep going for 2 years. Excellent game Fun game I have played 4 games now and still interested. Great game I've had this game pretty much since it came out. The replay value is amazing. Not many games have stayed on my phone over the years, so that's something. This game has plenty to offer with challenging difficulties, lots of hidden depths and a number of ways to play it each time.  Definitely worth buying. Well worth the money, runs v.smoothly on my S4. Wish it would automatically add my friends as survivors - instead of me having to type them in. An amazing game. Very addicting gameplay. Just one more turn. Try it and you'll see. I've really enjoyed the game thus far, just wish there were some features to help move through the game faster. One would be a way to restart a level from the beginning. When you leave another city you start with some experienced characters, but if you lose, there is no way to go back to the city/restart with those characters. Also, some kind of menu to assign all idle characters to scouting/farming/defense would be beneficial. Very entertaining.  Decent depth; lets you make strategic decisions that help you in various ways. Easy to pick up, hard to put down. Great fun. About it but it force close during  Game play unexpectedly and have to save constantly to prevent from losing any progress. Boooooooooooooooo doing Well thought out Cant get refund got it by mystake awesome Loved it. Please please make more in this series!!!!!!!!! Just a well designed, fun, turn based strategy game. Good Just as fun and challenging as the version on Kongregate. Definitely worth the cost. I can't stop playing this game! Once you play for a half an hour its monotonously the same. Subsequent levels are exactly the same. Once you are done one of the main goals the game just ends. See above I like how the random events happen every once in a while. Cant wait for new version to come out bought for PC. Hoping it will be as good or better than this one. I cannot put it down.  Its challenging and entertaining.  Cant wait to play the second one. Played it online, a great little time waster yup Desperately needs Google Games integration. Great turn based strategy game. The creepy music is a nice touch too Excellent resource management game. Very addictive. Very addicting and fun. A+++++ Love it This game is amazing AWESOME Awsome I've played it through to every outcome I think by now! Engrossing turn based strategy game. Superb story. Polished mechanics and graphics. Worth the 3$ by far.	It is rare to find an app game that is this good and polished. Highly anticipating the sequel. Really good stuff here for turn based strategy lovers. More !!!!!!! It was fun, but got old fast. Should have included some tactical combat minigame for horde attacks. This is the game that the Walking Dead should have made. Whether or not you've read the comics, play this game. Awesome game! Classic gameplay even wo. Any high graphic but still   very fun game Bought game but can't read the screnn its all messed up. SORT IT OUT !! Walking Dead meets The Sims.. A more in depth game would be great better graphics too This game gives a great balance of strategy and fun, allowing the player to choose the challenge, and the multiple ways to win just keeps the game interesting! An easy 5 stars! Engaging Love it Awesome little game, i spend hours playing it while insit back and watch tv Good game with reply value, simple but deep. Was almost late for work, just kept playing! Hours of enjoyment My favorite Fun game that you can play for hours! Well worth the cost and cannot wait for the sequel. Had this game on my phone for over a year and keep going back to it.  Highly entertaining. Super fun! This is the first game on Android that I've given 5 stars. It's gameplay mechanics are intuitive and easy to pick up but they also allow the game some depth as well.  Engrossing enough to be played for hours yet simple enough that you can play it as well just standing while waiting in line for something. Great game This game is totally worth whatever price. A great addition to your mobile libary This game was originally for PC but I love it so who cares Addictive fun. Game is worth the buy I first played this game on Kongregate and couldn't stop playing. Now that this game is on a handheld device, just can't stop playing it. Keep up the good work! Awesome game Do it omg one of my favorite games x) Amazingly fun game What makes this game so good is on the harder levels strategy will only get you so far. Luck is a major factor. Ive been playing for almost a year now and have yet to beat the hardest level. I hope she makes more games. Play it and you will love it Am on my fifth town in one timeline, do not download if you have any time commitments of any description ;> I played Rebuild for countless hours when it was released in Newgrounds, and bought it as soon as it was released for Android. And now I'm looking forward to the sequel! I keep comeing back to this game fun is all.I can say I had no idea what to expect & found myself completely hooked. Lots of replay value. Can't wait for the sequel. Can't wait for the PC version I was going to pay for a kick starter but I missed it :( Fun times are to be had with this game. This exactly what I wuz looking 4. Thank u. Good for the strategy type not for 360 graphics This game is great I give it 5 stars add more content to give the player the best gaming experience but overall its worth 5 stars It reminds me of my time on the computer before it broke So addicting Overall good. But may you people add more mission, not just being hero saved some old ladies from hilarious bikers, please? I purchased this game on iOS years ago, and scooping it for $0.99 on Play this Halloween was a no-brainer! I love this game :3 Great game with cool graphics. Keep getting 'unknown error code 918' would like to play it but it won't even install! after the last update now all it does is crash back to buy phones desktop when I try to open it Great addicting game It is more of a play once then delete game very very fun but after playing once im done its repetitive to play multiple times with litte variation Had this game for iPhone and played it all the time. Great game. The game is amazing,  however,  it is near impossible to make it  through the winter,  it would get 5 stars from me if they added animal farms :-D Really enjoy this type of game. This is a really good game, but I think they should have made the zombie attacks interactive. That way you could have more of a feel with the game. Rebuild is tons of fun and has lots of things to do. If you like zombies, this is for you! Lasted 333 days was killing zombies and reclaiming land and buildings,really loved this game.	Brilliant game played for hours and hours well worth the money,download,you will not be dissapointed. Great way to kill time! I have pins and needls in my hand I've been playing for about an hour straight Addictive stuff... A little repetitive if you play a lot though Best money I ever spent. Really enjoyed this game. I love trying to survive the harsh winters. Big fan of this now! Pick up and play, zombie fuelled, turn based strategy. Easier difficulties are like playing a Kairosoft title (easy, fun, can't really lose); harder difficulties become a desperate tactical balancing act.  Great presentation, works perfectly on my nexus 4, button sizes are just fine. Clear graphics, runs great on my nexus 7. Keeps you busy. Surprise plot twists. Difficulty adjustment. Good stuff. Need a time waster? This is it. And I looked forward to supporting this game and it's developers. A great little Strategy/RPG. Aewsome Game Concept And Follow Thru; Unfortunately The Maps Seem A Bit Small. Would Like To See Bigger Cities, Or Cities Increase In Size During Story Progression. Interesting Like it. Worth the money. This was a blast when I played it on newgrounds so long ago and it's still a blast now! Can't wait for rebuild 3! Amazing game. Little to no faults, though the random events could happen a little more often, with more variance with them. First Android game I bought, shortly after it first came out, and I still play it every other day! Cannot wait for number 3 next year! Could be more complex, but had lot of fun playing this strategy gem. An excellent turn based strategy game I've had this game for a few months and still can't complete the really hard or impossible levels, such a great concept though. A great game that just needs some UI work to remove the tedium, e.g. to sort survivors by reverse order when sending on missions. I played many games and this one is the only one felt that deserves a review. Can't wait for a update or new maps and challenges. Great for those "not really watching TV" times, because it is turn based. Just as good as on PC - now with added portability! Love it so addicting Well polished, good story, gameplay. Great time...killer. Lots of replayability, lots of fun. Great opportunity for strategy,  highly addictive,  I love it. I have played this game on the computer and I have to say this game is great. I would highly recommend this game and it is worth the price Very nicely designed. Easy to learn and keeps you entertained. Fun and stable Very entertaining and bug free! Excellent fun, looking forward to expansions hint hint Fun The game is great fun. Really enjoyed this game, really interesting concept and cleverly thought out story. Great humour as well. Just purchased this on my andriod! Loved it on iOS so hopefully I have the same experience! It kills time best strategy game for zombie fans on the go. like it too much. easy to play, good solid game play, even includes a mad scientists what more do you need!! I've backed the kickstarter for the new one too! can't wait! Better than expected. Not sure about longevity yet but willing to keep playing to find out. Awesome! Really great little game.  Very addictive and captures the whole zombie apocalypse vibe perfectly. Right down to the sparse soundtrack and nods to other zombie classics.  I've spent a few hours on this already, absolute no brainer for the price. I'm playing on s4 and screen is plenty big enough. Good game, if you like this try slay. I estimate 20+ hours of game play in this, not bad! Recruit, have hiusing ready and take farms first Loved it Interactive Stayed up all night, even cut once. Its that good Great game!!!!! Open ended turn based strategy set in the zombie apocalypse = fun challenging game. Worth every penny. Simcity with zombies. Enough said. :) Solid gameplay smooth performance. Very challenging on hardest mode. Only issue is text getting blurred or blocked out a lot on galaxy tab 3 Good game I like the upgradeable watchtowers I hope the payment goes to the funding to create/develop rebuild3! But ye a good game Hours of fun, great mechanics and you will not regret buying it. I got one of the endings and I'm going to try to get all of them Well I wrote a bad review before because I couldn't download...well now I got it and LOVE IT!!! Everythings great about it. Next update include more stuff like weapons, buildings, accessories, dialogs, seasons, etc. Online multyplayer would be great too. Id easily spend more for that. Same as the flash game. Interesting gameplay, enjoyable narrative. Especially good on larger screens Optimisation Gone Mad! Installed and tested a few times, hangs and crashes on initial loading screen on xperia x10. Please fix. Tried on internet was awesome. Hey vary first time I play over an over it is kept me on me toes Awesome, challenging and simple. Great for burning time or practicing for zombie apocolypse Similar to board game "Zombie apocalypse" but much more fun and playable Awesome strategy game, great time killer I used to play this for free on kongregate but I liked it so much that I bought a copy for my phone. Nerds update Love this game. It's really fun. Different combinations for very different results. Really good game. Needs more types of buildings to make it even better Very few games like this that give such a good hours of game play. Go for it. Great game Great game Expand - Expand - Expand; MORE - MORE - MORE! An excellent Strategy Game Needs more content, but awesome premise. Love this one. Nothing like being responsible for the survival of YOUR community. Pair this with your fave zombie shooter on a rainy day. This update has been sitting here on my updated list for weeks but there is a error from the server and won't let me download. Its like Sim City meets the zombie apocalypse.Cool game,good for replay as well.Definitely worth the couple bucks to buy. I played the crap out of this until it became too easy. It's not too hard to figure out a winning strategy, but it's fun getting there. Love this game. Good for passing time. Definitely gotten lost in the game Lots of variations and can be quite challenging. Could always use some expanding like most games. But worth it Superb Sony Xperia Z Best zombie game on the Android market. Great game if just a tad repetitive winter is sadly impossible if you've already retaken the city Plenty of improvements from the already-good PC edition mean this game is top-notch. It rewards strategic planning, caution and attention, but moves very quickly. Your camp can go from a safe neighborhood of happy friends to a nightmare warzone in just turns, if you let it. Tension is key to a good zombie story and Northway produces it in spades, here. A++ will play again. A decent time waster. Zombie survival game where you must manage your survivors and resources to fend off the zombie hordes. Great fun with pleasing art and sound. I love this game The theme is awesome. I like just about everything about this game. Great game I keep coming back Harder levels are much more challenging. Have it on my S3, now downloaded on my galaxy tablet but not working. Music playing but screen all black :-( A bit repetitive, but also fairly addicting. Just as fun as the computer version with some extras. Only complaint is that there's a split second of lag when I "click" something. Other than that, very fun and addictive. Very fun game but only good for 15-20 hours of gaming. Having played it before the Android port I was super happy to see it on mobile. The port is exceptionally well done and I love all the new settings and modes. Although it could use some longer gameplay mechanics. Perfect balance of fun and speedy strategy. I've spent so much time enjoyably wasting time playing this. Just what I want in a game. Great game I played the game on kongregate and I fell in love with the game...too bad my virus scanner says its adware...goodbye I love it! The only changes I'd like to see are better looking survivor pictures and more building variety.  Maybe a larger city size too - I wanted the game to go on even longer.  :) Great depth and strategy for a mobile game. This is my favorite game on my phone! Graphical glitches on my S3 but not enough to stop me wasting away several hours! Fun to play and challening on high levela. Great game. This is a good game. I like how you can control the days and end them when you are ready. I would recommend it. extremely addicting Its a good game my only con is that zombie attacks happen ro frequently and people die frequently because of it trying to balance the food and the time it takes to reclaim a building people die and sometimes its one attack after the other ive gotten 3 zombie attacks one right after another how am I supposed to play this game? If this is resolved ill give more stars however ..its an addicting game ..has alot of potential Great game. I cnat believe what this game did to my phone. It put a huge virus on my phone and it took me 2 weeks to get if OFF. DO NOT BUY THIS TGAME Completed this game on every level including Impossible. Awesome game. I love these kind of games. Fun to play with hours or just 5 min. I've got several friends playing already. Droid RAZR maxx Repeatability is limited, but it is a solid game. Interesting game but definitely not worth 3 bucks. The content is just not there Game is awesome i love it Flesh this game out some more and it will receive a 5 Could have more stuff in it but overall pretty sweet game Really fun Very fun Great fun The gameplay is stellar. This is the perfect mobile strategy game for me.  A few turns here, a few turns later...the best time-killer while you wait!  Note: must like Zombie Apocalypses. Amazing and fun. I'm addicted Fun game, but seems to be a slighty-improved clone of a flash game of the same name. 3 bucks is worth the portability though. Great game I love this, please make a sequel and add the ability to be able to travel and trade, maybe help out towns you already established and maybe some you haven't Took a little while to catch on but i ended up catch myself play for hours at a time. There is room for improvement here but this is a great new concept. Really quite addictive. Really hoping for a Rebuild 2 with even more options. Very addictive Sweet game I love to play when I have a few minutes, but then I have a hard time putting it down... Good, better than the original style Simcity game all those years ago. I couldn't put it down. Update - still love it. Can't go wrong with this. As far as mobile games go. Played it through a few times. Could not put it down till I had completed the game.  Highly addictive. Ehhh... not sure it was worth paying money for. Great Geta bit borin after a while I love this game Awesome Definitely worth it Good game. Easy to learn. Easy to play. Great game! Replay value. Wish it got an update though. Good job with ideas and such for gameplay but the interface isn't very well done. They don't do a great job of teaching the aspects of the game either. Otherwise it's  decent game. Great zombie fun Yep. This game is very addicting and might even be useful as a "for dummies" reference during a real zombie apocalypse. Its a great game that keeps you focused on the zeds Play it, you'll like it!!! Only played it on easy so far, but it kept me playing longer than I expected. Awsome game! I can't wait for them to bring out rebuild 2. Good game This is the best zombie game I have played Love it, cant stop, jesus ^_^ Nice and creative. Good game. This game is boring and pretty lame.   Of course by the time you get to the point where you know what the game is about the return period has passed.   This game is a total ripoff,  and is definitely not worth $3.00. Best game I've played in a while See title. I went through every option looking for some way to make something happen, and found nothing.  Even "ending" the day did not cause anything to happen.  It mentions guards for your home, but there was no way to assign people to do that.  I launched a pair of missions, but the expeditions just sat there (even after ending the day).  When l saved the game and came back later, it was still on day one, even though I had ended it.  If this game was meant to dissuade me from ever again spending money Great Game!  Highly Addictive I click on the app and all I get is a blank screen. I have tried uninstalling and intstalling it again but it still don't work! I want to play badly. I bought this game but I'm unable to download it due to an error code 497. Please help. It isnt YOU hacking and slashing zombies. Its you deciding what buildings we should recover, what resources to go for, who to send on each job. It grabs you as one of those "just one more turn" games where you want to see how your decisions pan out. A nice low-stress game.  Just what I was looking for. Thank you.  I would like to see some randomization added in an expansion. Even a purchase one. A fun game winter mode very hard tho with no change of season ? And no bonas score? Sorry guys I guess its not for everyone but that was the quickest I have removed a game after paying. Shame nice game Worth the $3. Very will put together. Zombies, mad scientists, zombie rights activists, gangs and many more characters compete for territory. Can you unite your city in a world gone zombie? I sure hope so. Somebody's got to do it. I really like this game. It has a lot of replay value. The different situations, scenarios, and story elements all cone together to make a really nice game that's well worth the asking price. The only thing I'd ask for is an update. Maybe add different scenarios or different goals, I don't know. Love this game Wonderful Great concept for a zombie game! It is a great game! But I think there should be a multilayer aspect.  Like a turn based games you are on opposite sides of the map and you build your cities up and you end up fighting sending out people to scout the enemy then later to attack. That way it's like a three way battle.  You, your opponent and the zombies. its about as close to being addictive as any of the Civilization games. i can see in the future as this game grows the need for a rebuild anonymous. highly recommend getting on the band wagon early. plated perfectly on the gs2. Loved it on PC, love it on this. Rebuild brings strategy to the zombie apocalypse line with a detailed yet easy flow and interface. A great game that involves you in character development with a city planning style and a constant reminder of thwarting impending doom. The adjustable difficulty is good for casual or white-knuckled gaming. A five star game that makes you hunger for more! ... Brains! I love this game it can more fun is adding more things do to on the game! Good game, lots of extras from when I first played it on my pc. Love it. I absolutely love this game. Zombie games done right are my favorite when done right and this is so different to any of the others out there. Very addictive strategy game, nice graphics and an enjoyable dark humor to the whole thing. To the maker, sequel me up asap:) 5 stars Worth playing twice Played it on pc and when I saw this I had to get it...Definitely worth the money. Good game to pass the time with Improved to boot. Overall, enjoyable as a game and a time waster. Difficulty difference between first and second playthrough is a bit ridiculous, but otherwise no real issues.  Skill cap increase for second playthrough might go a long way to helping resolve the difficulty discrepancy. Awesome game. It's easy to play in short sittings and doesn't take much focus, so you can play in  any environment. I loved and thoroughly enjoyed this game. please update with new features! Gets hard but fun If you like handling inventorys and a cast of npc's while claiming territory and managing habitats, you'll love this. OCD at it's prime Fun for hours Fun! I've play through twice and still continuing to play. Fantastically addicted A very good zombie survival game that tries to stress good resource management.	A good game with only a few graphics issues keeping it from perfect.  Definitely worth the price though. Hours of fun with lots of tertiary value. I enjoy this game and have been playing it a lot, but I find that the "kind of tough" level and the next higher "challenging" level are very different in terms of difficulty and demand. The former is too easy, the latter too tough. Still fun! Its ok!   Its got alot of good stuff going on.   Its kinda repetative and to be honest yoi do the same stuff over andnover but it was good for a few.   Music and atmosphere is awesome Rebuild is a fun little building game which requires strategy and thought while remaining simple to play. Very well done! Great game. :) Good game! Detailed, deep and amusing. Annoyingly addictive, time passes quickly and can't stop playing! I will definitely KEEP THIS GAME UNTIL BETTER GRAPHICS COME ABOUT!!! Also animations could be added to make the game more visually appealing.  The soundtrack; nice and spooky although a more catchy and longer theme can be introduced to lengthen the stream. LOVE THE GAME PLEASE ADD MORE TO THIS FANTASTIC STRATEGY!! :) A great investment... Has everything I want in a citybuilding game with zombies... except achievements. Those would have been fun. Feels like it needs to reward you for getting difficult endings. Easy game, even on the normal difficulty, but makes up for it in replay value and addictivity. Hi,  game was great but now I have a graphic bug that makes it almost unplayable. I have an S3, how is it possible to send you pics?  Could you give me an email?  :) Awesome games a little repetitive but still good Really I mean really an outstanding game totally worth the price if you like strategy games Simple, yet addictive. Updated graphics and more storylines would be good, but this game is already great as it is. Hope it gets a sequel Badass Just wish they would continue to add little things to the the game. Purely amazing! So immersive! With different skills and endings,  replayability is huge,  when without counting the different map sizes and difficulty levels. Definitely worth the money. Fun strategy game. Very stable in and out. I've had this game for some time, I'd been checking for it since playing part 1 on kongregate, I'm still going to give it a five! Love it with new stories and endings but you should definitely add a simulation for zombie attacks and you should also add more endings It's a great way to past your time and keep you entertain. Compelling Easy to learn, easy to play, and a fun sim-city-type survival game. Unfortunately, it frequently lags or locks up on my Droid 3. Thankfully, the autosave feature means that I never lose more than a couple minutes of play. Would definitely recommend if your phone can handle it.  Addendum: now playing on my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (JUL '13), and it's much more stable and reliable. Raised to 4 stars. Played this so many times over the past 2 years, love this game!!! It will get you Fun time killer rpg. Good game but I hope they keep adding to it because its off to a good start. 2D graphics. Very simple but addictive to play This is madness. I can't put it down... Fast loading too! Cool game :) I'm not even sure I'll play it but this game was so epic on Kongregate that I need to reward the developer. please have more It is a very fun game.   I can't stop playing it. The bomb Great time sink for when you're traveling and don't want to use data. I  just wish there was more updates Kind of like SimCity with zombies. Good game wish there was a little more depth. Very Nice I really like this game. Played this game on newgrounds and was happy to see an app. Its really fun but little replay value This is a good way to pass time. Quite an indepth zombie man management game. Hugely enjoyable This is the kind of game where you just sit down and think: How the hell did they do that! An engaging game requiring some thinking, but still fun. Can be played multiple times. Great! It's simple and addicting. I highly recommend for anyone who likes turn based games. The occasional instances of graphics that look as though they were rendered in MS Paint aside (which I think only adds to the charm personally, but w/e), this is a rare example of a game which combines that elusive mix of a simple premise, something resembling a plot and unique mechanics to maximum effect... a perfect lunch break app, or a strangely compelling time waster you can end up sinking hours into- I've experienced both. I definitely recommend this- a few bucks well spent! Excellent, fun and highly re-playable game. Very adictive and lots of fun. I have played this game on the computer a LOOONG time ago ( 4 yrs. ) on rebuild 2. I wasint for sure about rebuild ( 1 ) but it was basically the same. Perrfer to all the other people to get this. And if you people are wondering "NO" There are no advertising "NO" Internet required to play and "NO" I have ever had this game crash. Hope this helps :) Fun, thoughtful game. Great game. Fun I'm on my second city and still enjoying it though I see the burn out coming. I hope the devs are smart and turn this into an online game. Yeeeeeees Very easy to pick up & way too hard to put down! This is hands down one of the  most entertaining game on Android I have ever played. Can't believe I played 5 hrs non stop! ^ Its def time consuming but it needs add ons or sumthing I love the idea, but the game isn't as in-depth as it could be. To learn, I started on the second level. Beat it in just an hour, so I upped it. More deaths, but it still isn't very difficult. I'd like to see even more intricate management and something more to look at. Very few really good sims out on the market, and this one manages to hit it out of the park.  The interface is a bit muddy, but that doesn't stop the rest of the game from being ingenious and well-executed I really like it, just wish it was longer Aswome.game loves it Zero lag on galaxy s2 Great game very challenging when it's snowing though. I love this game Strategic gameplay with great repeatability. The music sets the mood so effectively. Good game till winter hit.  Nothing like watching all the time you put into it just fall away. Make moreol like this if you will.. :) Frickin awesone Awesome game wish it had more aspects and content but awesome Legit But it could use some improvements. Like being able to destroy some structures and the ability to decide what goes where. More building designs.. More choices.. Seems to save over other games. Hard to read text toooooo small. But a fun game n worth the money IMO. Very addictive Fun and almost perfect except that replayability diminishes once you have seen all the endings. Unfortunately you can watch all of he endings in one session. Time consuming but fun This game is a turn based game that has multiple endings and has places where the player has to make a tough decision between different choices that can change which ending(s) you can get. Usually the game will allow you to continue after you find an ending so you have the opportunity to get a different one. Another thing i liked about this game is that it can be played in small increments so you don't have to commit a large block of time to enjoy it. I absolutely love this game. A great way to kill time and its entertaining. If you're into strategy games this is the game for you o: I finally got around to beating it, great time killer Love the game on the PC I love it on the mobile device Great zombie rebuild game Just good fun all around Too much randomness.  Not enough strategy. Not enough control over my destiny. Can't believe I paid money for this. It has numerous strategies to use in the game . Itbis a good time burner if you ever find yourself in a boring enviroment and you can always find this to be good to keep you thinking. I loved playing this one, exactly what I was looking for.  I've been playing zombie games for years and I've never come across one quite like this 5* :-) Awesome game! File size is incorrect though, it's 42MB not 24, that's WAY off! Good game. Hope to see more on Android Hours of replay value! This is a terrific game that makes me run out of juice in seven hours straight. Really recommend it. I don't believe it would be this great at first because of its interface.tricked me so bad. :) The best turn based zombie killing game ever. Playing it over and over again I played this game for hours when I first found it, and while I've now played it many times over, it can still be challenging! Definitely worth trying at the least Excellent replay. Its worth the few bucks. turn by turn game, kill zombies and survive. Good game Excellent I knew this game was on the internet. But when i found out you could get it on your phone i had to get it. If you love zombie games then this is the game for you. Wasting time on my phone has never been funnier ! Although it might suffer in the replayability (is that a word?) department, the game is incredibly unique and entertaining. You can see effort has been put in dialogues and this little world feels really live. I wish there were more games like this out there. This game is very fun to play, you will spend a good amount of time playing it. After a few replays it does get a little boring. But I always manage to come back and play through it every couple of weeks. Overall, awesome game that is worth buying. I only gave 4 stars because it doesn't seem to be updated nearly as often as it originally claimed it would be. Dont let the graphics fool you, this game is hard to put down. Fun I would like to see military campaign I play this on my tablet when ever I can. Wish new versions would be released on android, otherwise this would be a 5-Star all the way. It is one of my top 10 games for android and especially on a tablet. Thanks for the great game hope to see new versions. I cant wait for the next game in the series! This is an awsome game great story,a real enjoyable game to replay.hope this game goes to the xbox Just wish they would update this with SOMETHING new. This is a great game. It took away my whole morning!!! This made a two hour card ride into 10 minutes. Definitely worth $1.00 Good game too waste time Fun way to pass some time and be late for something. Great turn-based, strategic city-building game. I wish there were more games like this available for Android. Very good game, fun and addictive. Play and survive the way you want! Solid from top to bottom. Smooth and addicting fun! Fun Great addicting game. Loved it on pc, love it now. Granted it does lose replayability, it's still an awesome app Best zombie game Awesome game need another one like this When I finished the game for one round. It can be refreshing and it's a game that can be played in your little spare time. Best zombie game ive played Enjoyable and difficult as hell...worth every penny...which wasn't many	Tis just a beautifully difficult and fun game Great fun! Very tough, great game. Addicting Great game concept but terrible flash port. Great game, challenging at higher levels, lots of replay value. Would love to see some updates and added features! Build on the greatness! Brilliant This game is fun and addictive.  I'm always doing just one more day and can't put it down! My go to game when I have some time to kill Guys this game is awesome. If your debating buying this game just do it. You will thank me I love this game It's both compelling and easy to put down and pick up when I'm travelling Very fun and worth buying . Played for hours my first go around . It looks like pork dont taste like it ! Good luck with winter very challenging Really fun, I hope their will be a sequel! This game is alot of fun and a great way to kill time ZOMBIE lovers rejoice in this Game Addictive Awesome Love the multiple endings. Work great on GS3 Love this game Great game Prefect for passing time at work. There is no time limit so your game can go on forever at your own pace. It is simple but not so much as to bore you. I got a solid 5-6 hours out of the game, and will probably come back k to it in a few weeks. The narrative bits are nice. If you suspect you may enjoy this game from looking at the screenshots, buy it. You will. Just not terribly fun. The ability to group characters as teams would be helpfull. The ability to see which characters have which equipment would be helpfull. Hunting does not show up on food/rations indicator. Deer should be counted as 2 day ration. With electricity a greater food bonus plz.  So far fun game. Needs adjustments also more variety of buildings. Warehouses, storage blgs etc. Lastly, game dramatically slows if you want to try to clear the whole map. Instead of shifting the map to every completed mission, allow map to be zoomed out to see entire city. I really like this. Well designed. Could use some updates to keep it fresh though. Excellent replayability Don't worry about the dated graphics. There is more than enough addictive fun here then meets the eye. Strategic, addicting, interesting and without the "shock factor" gore that pervades the genre, this is one of the best games on Android A few more endings would have been nice, but otherwise I have enjoyed it thoroughly. Very fun and addictive I think this might be better than on computer The premises are simple, and the mechanics also simple (turn-based strategy), but the narration makes this game very gripping. Only 4 stars because of ugly graphics and mediocre soundtrack. But even with these drawbacks, I still recommend this game for TBS fans. Worth it. It has a gamers appeal really good game. really addictive. one word.... download its a good time killer and adds some fun. edit:the new features are great Repetitive and boring sadly! Read the other reviews and it sounded good but was very disappointed. A very good game to just pick up and play can be brutal at higher difficulty expect to lose a lot of people along the way. Fresh new concept. Good game Looks like crap, but is amazing fun under the visual skin.  Played this for hours on all kinds of settings and had fun each time.  Many ways to win too.  Love it! Fun and absolutely replayable! Really enjoyed it and was surprised by some of the events. Graphics are a little low quality or it would have gotten five stars. But still a good game. Best android game ive ever played Great Game:-)  So much better than all those freemium cow clickers that pass themselves of as strategy.	Relieved to find a game that promotes actual strategy and resource management instead of intentionally rigging the game to push you to but upgrades. This game ought to be in everyone's short list of must-have games! Worth every penny spent. Fun and engaging game, but I can beat the average difficulty in about two hours or less. I hope I'm missing something. The game grabbed me at first, but after a couple of play throughs, I had exhausted most options available to win the game and then there was really nothing left to do. Still, got a few hours entertainment from it. Addictive Fun game. Needs some improvement and expansion. I played this through a bunch at different difficulty levels. Great game! Fun game. Went from awesome game to auto close using EVO 4g LTE Really enjoyed this game. Great fun. Love the game one of the best on the galaxy s3 and cheap as well. Finally a game I can play over & over, though I'm ready for rebuild2! I often play games on my phone at work due to slow nights and ever since playing the first one on the PC I followed the game now that it on mobile I have something that keeps me busy. The game simple to get and can be fun. It nice to see that it also updated with new things like winter and new ways to win Best game ever An addicting game that you can play for hours on end. Good game i reccomend buying I've played out a few times now. Can't wait for Rebuild 2: the reckoning! Well worth the 3 bucks!!! This game is fantastic!!!! It hardy takes any memory or battery life. I played for hours and my battery barely went down. The other nice thing to is ita not too taxing on ur system so u can play for what seems like forever and ur phone will be as cool as a cucumber!!!! A great game What an awesome game. Can't stop playing. Buy it, you won't regret it! I bought this game based on the ratings it got, and am SO glad i did! This is awesome, well worth the money and im regretting not getting sooner. A must to own!! I like it a lot. Perhaps some other options though, like a way to end all jobs at once to reassign your best people to their proper spots. I'd also like to be able to undo towers once they're no longer in range of the fence. But good game. Fun game! Tha game is awesome and super hard 2 pass dont think its easy so yea if u like chemistry and hard games u should buy this game ! The game is fun Really good game that can be played over time when ever you have a few minutes to spare. This is hands down the best zombie survival flash game of all time. Good I can't stop playing its sooooo much fun I love strategy games Would be nice to have more cities that were diverse as well Only complaint is that it's too short. Other than that, great concept and execution. Get it, play it Can't stop playing.   Is fun as Hell. Well worth the money, very fun game with many good concepts. Hope to see a sequel in the future... Dont have to buy gems or crystals or anything. A free app with no in game purchases. So refreshing. Thanks Sarah. Good game. Hard to put down. Nice Fun so far Very glad i got this,no regrets...buy this game its great also after playing for 5 minutes please note youll feel like the Governor from the Walking Dead. Good game. There was a bit of a learning curve, but that's part of the fun of the game. The replayability is pretty high, as long as you don't go through all the endings in your first playthrough. If you love strategy, resource management and suspense in your games, this is for you. Fantastic game Very entertaining Enjoy the game play...would like more places to uplift mood.... Its just funni guess This is one game I could never uninstall. I keep coming back to it time and time again. Never a waste of time!!! Fun game but gets repetitive... Difficulty variance from med-hard is too extreme. Wish main character didn't have to wear that blue collar office suit, (some apparel choices would be nice). Excellent Excellent gameplay! The UI can be a bit awkward when dealing with people and equipment. One of the best games in the Play Store, and easily the most polished post-apocalyptic strategy game on any platform. Soundtrack is great, as well. Would LOVE a sequel. Awesome game needs more graphics and cutscenes Nothing else like it on the mobile platform. The perfect amount of depth for an Android game Easy to pick up but impossible to put down.  Rebuild 2 on mobile is every bit as good as the PC version, heck! it may even work better with the tap screen than a kb / mouse. Great game, should maybe expand on it in some way? maybe a bigger map or story including other towns? If you like zombie survival and sim city this is for you. Very nice A bit repetitive,  but good fun! Magnificent game. I can't wait for updates to make this game more exciting. GREAT JOB NICE APP It was fun but not massively challenging or exciting. Have played through a couple of times and probably won't bother again.  The art is nice and some of messages are quite entertaining. Enjoyable experience which kept me occupied for hours. The extra polish with character design, artwork, music, dialogue and cut scenes went a long way. Love it! A challenging game that I couldn't put down for the first few hours. The only issue I had was that it gets a little repedative. There is no variation to the challenges of the game. Great game needs new content. I would pay! Such a great mix of strategic depth and un-rushed gaming relaxation. The mix of features in this game are exactly what many zombie apocalypse game lovers are looking for.  A very unique game that was just begging to be made.  A great big budget, zombie survival strategy title could easily be based off of the "Rebuild" games. Good time filler when travellin or need to be occuppied Awesome game runs brilliantly and not seen any bugs yet This is an interesting management game. Playing on winter is particularly challenging. A little expensive I think This game is engrossing, challenging, and has quite a few layers of depth to it that a lot of other games don't have. You end up caring about your survivors. Hope for dlc Great stragety game! I'm looking forward to the sequel. Great game with mix of strategy and resource management. Great game to play over and over. Brilliant game, well worth the money! :) Decent a strategy, well worth the purchase price.  There is expansion potential here too (which might also be worth paying for - hint hint). Awesome app! Than random nature of the game had me hooked right away. Best of all it doesn't get boring quickly. With many different ways to play and beat the game give you more options... I really like that! Definitely worth the money I spent. Keep replaying it... Great Game! Great game and continuity supported by sarah I recommend staying away from this game if you like doing things other than playing games on your phone. Once you start playing this game, all of the other things that you do in your life will have to be done later. Couldn't put this game down, a great way 2 kill time & zombies Well made, fun, replayable worth the purchase Would have gave it 5 stars as I loved it on my HTC but now I have got the motorola RAZR I, it won't play as its not compatible fix this problem and 5 stars straight away No complaints I have one complaint, and only one. I would like to donate or somehow pay. This is one of, if not THE best game I've played on Android and would like to support you for making it. Seriously awesome game. Get it now. A good strategy game. Like Chess but it's obvious that it is a repeating game. Can Sarah add more to it? The game could use ... the ability to create groups, with the ability to free 8 it could use with something to actually research after getting through the laughably small techtree, could use with much more Florida do in the late game, less clicking.... I love this game. I typically get bored with games after a few weeks, but this game always has me coming back. for 2 bucks well worth it  . Very addictive Great game Great game if you like the one on computer then this one is the exact same. It's a  great game and takes "the end of the world" in a new direction. Zombies are nothing but trouble The easiest difficulty was too easy, but hooked me enough to start over. The bottom two difficulties are playable, the rest are not. The game doesn't suggest anything in terms of how to better prepare either. I just found it impossible to keep my lands staffed unless I was playing it on easy.  Also, don't expect the game to surprise you on a second play through.  Notwithstanding my criticism, I like the game and would like to see some further development for it. Not enough options to keep you coming back, but the first couple of play throughs are so good i cannot fail to recommend it. Addicting Difficult enough, yet easily playable. I like the names, specific style of the character models, and building options specifically. Great.but you.should make housing better a suburb should.be.able.to.hold more than two and they should be able to.have children Almost every day becomes a celebration because one of the survivors decides to become a zombie. Then you cant make a move. Cant remove the church either. Lots if fun. Plenty of different ways to be the game. Good time waster but it gets boring after the first game Could use some sort of  multiplayer and some more funding as the gameplay is solid, but needs better graphics, maybe some interactivity in the zombie attacks.  Well worth the money just so so much more potential! Exactly what i was looking for The first play through is fun but there aren't enough options to make it worth playing more than that. It just becomes more of the same. Well worth the price! Lots of fun if you enjoy turn-based strategy games, and a very fun setting. My only complaint is that if you're successful, you can end up with so many survivors that it becomes a chore to manage them all. This is worth 5 stars Real good concept. I want more. Imaginative and innovative simulation game. Possibly a genre-starter! This is the zombie survival game weve all been waiting for. Yay! Awsome game Great game. You definitely have to pay attention and think. Enjoyed this a lot and the option to take survivors into the next game is really neat. Addictive Great zombie civ like Very decent for passing the time. No bugs or problems at all. Enjoyed this thouroughly. Only reson this is not a 5star rating is because it becomes very repetitive quite quickly. gane epic Love the game winter is for the experts Game has a very strong amount of complexity. On hardest difficulty the game had a finite amount of time before hitting a wall and needing to finish. Loved the addition of seasons, whole new level. Would love to see a few more things to create like defenses for every type of tile or more science that allows new types of buildings or create weaponry. Definitely lots of small things that could open up new ways of playing and difficulty. Spend hours playing this game during long commute. Five stars. Awesome!! Boring after a couple plays I can't stop sometimes.. the game just keeps me going. Best game ever Very playable game. Be prepared to spend way more time than you planned playing this game - very hard to put down! Sim City with a cool twist. Good game Firstly, this game is available to play on any PC for absolutely free. The only reason to buy it is to play on the go. Not a huge selling point in my opinion. Secondly, you can, in the game, convert some buildings into other buildings. These include hospitals, apartments, schools, and more. Each of these buildings can be turned into any other building, except for the schools. Once a building is turned into a school, which has a limited usefulness, you cannot change it into anything else. So much fun! Worked great before, the lag was tolerable.  But with this recent update the selection lag is horrible. Can't even sit down to play anymore =\ I highly recommend this game. I have lost much sleep over this. Please make Rebuild 2 work on android! I really like the premise and game design.    Cons: Menu's are laggy. Graphics are a bit amateurish, and the stylized font used for most text is a bit too small to read easily.  Crashes about once an hour on average, however it does autosave freq. Pros:  It's fun, fun, fun.  It is deeper than most mobile games, and yes it is a bit like the original Civilization, and Colonization. It's compelling.   I DEFINITELY recommend buying this game. This is one of those "minute to learn lifetime to master" games. The idea is simple but you'll likely fail due to not knowing the best strategies your first few games on harder difficulties. Still pretty good. 4 stars only for the fact content feels a bit light. New updates plz Can't see anything wrong here. Could add new features.  Over all, pretty good. Great stuff!  Just enough thought to keep me interested sprinkled with some good humor keeps me coming back. I usually don't take the time to rate any application but I felt as though I owe this app a rate. It is an awesome game with strategic opportunities. I have stayed up a few hours extra just to play. I have been playing this on my phone for months. It is a great way to kill some time. I'm ecstatic that it now it's compatible with my Galaxy 10 tablet. Thanks, Sarah! and very replayable. A little repetitive, but insanely addictive. The dialog is hilarious.  An update with more content or any sequel would be awesome. This game is so addictive, I just wanna play it all day long! No complaints. I would like the option to have turrets be rebuilt as other things. Biggger maaaaps please! Good game At long last updated to work on the nexus 10 Loved the game, and I didn't stop playing until I got all the endings! (Except the Zombie church one. That's just silly.) The only thing I can think could be done to improve would be rather than having a menu with 3 saves, have a state/county map where you choose a town from it. This way, when you get the "Leave the City" option, you can send some characters to an existing city of yours, rather than a new one. You would also feel an awesome sense of achievement if you cleared out the entire map. I like it. :( I didn't want to stop playing after I'd won. I didn't want to abandon the characters that had survived so much and helped me to rebuild the city.   I finally relented,  but immediately wanted to play again.. YET AGAIN!! This is a reocuring problem it works for a few weeks then i have to reinstall to get it to work. Unacceptable. Played it a lot on the PC. But on my defy it fills up the RAM and lock my phone, have to pull the battery... can't even play for 5 mins. A shame... since a paid for it.... Seriously, just gimme 5 more minutes... Fun little game, i enjoy the little side missions and retaking then defending the city from the zombie horde is very nice. Well worth the price. Being a zombie movie fan, I wanted to try this game out an am satisfied every bit. Flawless. Nice backgrounds..  No heavy graphics to create compilations. cleverly built. Appreciate the efforts of the developer. waiting for next game...:-) It's one of those games that can be very hard to put down. Very high replay value. Great time waster. Looks and plays fantastic on the Nexus 7, fun way to lose a few hours... Great turn-based game, of which there are far too few on the market. Allows for extended sessions and a few quick rounds when standing in line. I really liked the addition of winter and hope to see more challenges and content added in the future. Awesome game! Good game, wish i could get a refund though, becomes VERY repetitive.. Once you get the hang of it, it really is a walk in the park to go from the easiest to hardest difficulty. Great game with awesome replay value. Great time killer Could add some more challenges. Looking forward to Nexus 10 support. A lot of fun, and plenty of ways to replay it again and again. Amazing a well produced and thought out game, with good characters and a few nice hooks, the main problem is it's WAY too easy. completed on my first run through without breaking a sweat, and couldn't be bothered to start again. install it, play it, delete it. Very realistic, fun game. Needs some tweaks to improve gameplay. Greater bonuses for scavenging items. I know there is a second rebuild just wondering when it will be available on Android. Love this game Rebuild is a lot of fun, and it is addictive to a fault.  The graphics are very fun and quirky. The user interface works reasonably well. The story is nicely consistent.  Being turn-based, there's no problem getting interrupted at any point, which means that it can easily be played in many situations. Its an ideal way to spend time in a plane.  The easy difficulty level allows for care-free casual gaming.  I'm very much hoping for a sequel or for any similar game. Love it. Simple yet detailed. Awesome little time filler. It's a really fun game but it   Sucks up WAY to much battery Not bad for the price. Defenitely recommended. Gameplay is nice although more options would be welcomed. Overall an excellent way to kill time Needs more updates about more food in buildings, I know it is about survival but its hard but very very fun and pretty good detailed Very well balance between offense and defense, scavenging and expansion, population versus food. Nice to carry over an elite squad of 5. However above 30 people the micromanagement becomes difficult.  Increasing automation (towers autoscout and autofire if left idle at the end of the turn, schools have no queues so you have to manually retrain people each 2 turns)  Great concept, but becomes tedious after the first few playthroughs And even more so an excellent concept. Love it! Nice twist on the strategy genre to make it playable on mobile. Once you've completed it a few times though, it feels repetitive. Love the game, this is exactly what I love to play when I have time to kill with only my phone handy. The depth is perfect! The idea is there, but no moving graphics and game is very short/easy to complete. The game is utterly great, leaves you immersed for days on end! The winter feature now added also makes it sooooo much harder if you for some crazy reason havent played it since then! Perfect pick up and play game How the heck will i know the changes if theres no indication. UPDATE: Game is very absorbing although i wish there is a definite story line This is definitely a great game. I only wish there would be some more expansion to the story. I hope there will be some updates in the near future. Great theme and presentation too. I'm not kidding, the only problem with this game is that it is too addictive. Authors: please put in some periodic stops other than "you win!" Or "you die!" The game is great but the interface seems very 2009, needs to be faster, more intuitive, and demand less clicks. Taps. Whatever. But the game is great fun. Package file invalid. Wut? Played it a lot before. Brilliant gameplay, fantastic support from the dev. Really good, one thing that I think would improve the game is there should other colony's/settlements of people that own sections of the city, and you can truce or trade or go to war with them. That would be cool, but that is the only that would make this game better in my opinion :-) This is one of those games where it is the game play that keeps you coming back. The graphics are also very good for what it is but it is just something about that gameplay and how easy it is to play. Its a nice game overall, but you can play the game only once. You will get bored soon. The game is  completed within a few hours and that is the end for your fun. Well worth the price. Can't wait for an expansion or sequel! Very addicting, very well done.  Keep up the good work, guys. Addictive, brilliant, 5 stars no question, recently upgraded to Jelly Bean CM10 and had force close issues, after emailing dev, 2 days later had an update for me! Excellent support, and fantastic game. Wish I could give 6 stars This is a great turn-based strategy game, very well thought out and enjoyable to play.  Replayability is also high, for almost unlimited hours of zombie bashing  :-) Could use more variety, but good and enjoyable overall. great game with some depth This is definitely the worst game so far I paid for, the idea itself is fantastic and for that it deserves 2 stars but the overating needs balancing. Basically it's turn based  and there is no zombies running around and graphically dated and its totally crashtastic   hangs all the time . Very disappointed. Was working great until this last update. Now it crashes on open. Good game but too short nothing to do after I like zombies. I like strategy games, the more challenging the better. Rebuild satisfies both desires. Rebuild will test your personality at every turn!  Will you send a member of your community to fight 200 zombies on their own knowing their demise is imminent!?  Will you sell the woman in your community to a prostitution ring!?  What will you do when random people arrive at your doorstep asking you to trust them!?  This game has given me hours of entertainment and has made me question my morality in a possible post apocalyptic society.  Sort of a Sim City style of game play, you have to build farms, keep your people happy, defend your fort, and train the members of your town.  You are the boss! Works great with no bugs on my Droid X and Nexus 7 This game distills the best elements of classics like Sim City and Theme Hospital, wraps them in a zombie setting and leaves you unable to resist just one more turn. Can't wait until rebuild 3 comes out. I was a fan from the first day of rebuild on PC, they keep getting better and better. This versions had all the features on PC, but it is better because it gets updated with new content not available on PC. Great game that passes the time not one problem out of it yet been playing it for months This app is great.  The story line is hooking. The music definitely fits the game.   The gory parts can be turned of in the options.  The love caravan is just stupid. Just simply skip the part. But the app is still fun.bad language can be turned off. Serious fun Easy to pick up and learn but hard to put down. Love game. But angry every game has same scenarios.   make more new things keep up dating	But.   Nothing changes.  No upgrades to different scenerios or upgrades period.  keep adding stuff please I lost a few days of my life to this game. There is so much happening, it creates a "one more turn" mindset. PRO's: +Very replayable. The variety of equipment, events, and ways to win ensures you'll never see everything in your first playthrough. +Difficulty scales well; further increasing broadening its accessibility and replayability CON's: -The game asked me to rate it too much. Once is okay. More than that is not. -A little unpolished in spots, reflecting its flash origins. Needs a more unified artstyle :-D Great game. Lags at times but still a great real time strategy game This is one of those games that makes you miss your subway stop. Good game for zombie lovers Good games. Very replayable, to a point. Worth the money. Awesome game. Simple to play but difficult to beat. Could use more levels. This game is quite enjoyable and well done. I can play it again.. five stars for u :-) How and who is rating this game 5 stars?  Take my advice and play as soon as you download it because if you exceed your 15 minute window you will not get a refund.  It blew my mind on how boring it was.  What a great concept but the fun factor was missing. Classic Overall game is one of the best for a buck. It can be played many times with different "scenarios", and now fulfills everything I want in a game since the new update. The hunt for game could be automated though as well as the schooling when near the end of a big city. On my S3 it is the best game ever.  Needs work on nexus 10. Great fun. No micro transactions which is a treat. Turn based strategy that I love to play on the train. Works great on nexus7. 5/5 this is a fun and engaging game Slightly simplistic, visuals cheap and cheerful, but this is otherwise an excellent little post-apocalyptic city-builder. Trouble is it's near unplayable on Nexus 10 - really doesn't seem to like the giant resolution, game gets horribly slow. Fingers crossed there'll be a fix at some point. The sexual content is the one thing that keeps me from recommending this game to my friends and giving it 5 stars.  Add an option to disable that and I'll tell everyone I know to try it.  For now, however, I will uninstall.  Don't get me wrong, there are no pictures, only unavoidable references to porn and prostitution. Still have not really played the game tho but friends swear by it I had a lot of fun playing this. I didn't feel like there was too much replay value though The game was awesome the first play through but you can get bored of the same messages and "random events." Also once you get your food in check its not easy to lose. Great way to kill a few hours when bored! Really good, found it very hard to put down Great strategy game, great replayability. Excellent music, gameplay and witty writing. Seriously fun and addictive game Takes the best of the addictive "Facebook" games (eliminating the tedious/monetizing elements), incorporates some great RTS/turn-based strategy elements, and blends with a generous portion of zombie-theme... absolutely worth it. Awesome game and very addictive! I can't put it down, I must rebuild! This is the only game I'll ever need. I'm so hooked I need to twelve step. This is a fun game but it will not load on my JB ASUS Transformer Prime. It starts to load but closes. Im happy that they made this game for android and they should make rebuid 2 fo androin Once I've completed the game a few times, the difficulty for a new city is always maximum. This isn't good for other people wanting to try the game on my phone. Crashes every 20 minutes on average I'd say. Fix it for a 4. Good for a brief distraction, but not much in terms of replayability. I played my first tutorial game in one sitting - just didn't notice the time pass. I am a turn-based strategy veteran and found d it quite entertaining. It also struck me as approachable for the more casual gamer.  Kudos to the dev for the demonstrated attention to user feedback, and attention to the product generally - how many handheld apps make it to version 3.x before being replaced by something else?  Verdict: definitely give it a try. Horribly addictive little turn based strategy game Great Is impossible to play on the nexus 10. So laggy. I want to have my money back. But crashes out when trying to load on my ASUS TF101 Transformer running Jelly Bean... :-( Who doesn't like saving the world from zombies, one building at a time? On the surface, the game seemed to simplistic. But once I started my second game and got past turn ten,I tealized just how in depth the game was. The skill system is nicely done and the fact you can have danger come from within your group just as easily as from the zombie hoard adds a very cool touch to the game! Need more games like this on Android, refreshingly excellent Its the best game ever i cant stop playing it except when a break from the different that and getting mad when i loose Boring Gets really repetitive,  really fast.  AI is predictable and easy to beat.   Has absolutely zero replay value. This game is a very good turn based strategy, I can definitely recommend. In terms of possible improvements, I would love to see high scores online and local. Game rewards for side missions, different endings etc. would be awesome and will make replay more valuable. ... But a little repetitive. A wider variety of random encounters would be greet! I get the white screen on startup. Moved to SD and rebooted as told but to no avail. I saw it workable in other peoples Evos though. Shame, I really wanted to play this. Great game, would recommend to anyone. My biggest challenge was winter and my question is: how do you get the cabin in the woods ending? Anyone? Good time passer. Don't usually play mobile games. This one is addictive. Some great scenarios for judgment calls too. Acer A100 rooted with Jellybean. Crashes right after first loading screen. Great concept, really addictive, feedback for developers. . . . you have such great potential with this game, develop into an all time classic Absolutely awesome! Love the game This game is extremely hard to put down.  Whether it is exploring more buildings,  clearing out zombies or just teaching survivors new jobs,  this game is full of stuff to do.  My only complaint are the occasional freezes that require me to hard reset my phone. Great game with suprisingly a lot of detail! :) Just updated my samsung galaxy note 2 and it has broken the game by freezing it. I have to keep restarting app to play. Fix is needed. Apart of that when it was working it was very good 3 stars for now till fix is released. I love this game its fantastic Used to not launch at all, but works properly now. Finally able to update! Fun game turn based like everyone else say, Graphic are sharp, and story is awesome. Great Work! Best game I've played on the appstore so far!! Highly reccomend. Fitting humour. Outstanding ! ! ! One of the most engrossing strategy games I've ever played. Nearly impossible to put down. The game balance is fantastic. Food is just scarce enough to be a constant problem in mind without making the game exhausting; zombie attacks occur enough to keep things interesting but don't overwhelm your rebuilding strategy. The number of character skills is enough to engross you without turning into overwhelming micromanagement. It's nice there are several ways to beat the game. Random events and scenarios are a good added bonus. I absolutely love that once you win a city you can send a few characters from it to start a new city.  The musical score sounds good and provides just the right ambience for this environment. There are no other sound effects, but honestly I think the game is better off.   The buildings aren't well drawn but I stopped noticing after about two minutes. The character creation screen is kind of sucky because none of the faces, hats, and hairs go together, but the premade characters look good. The zombie attack screen, with Fallout 1/2 style graphics and no animations, looks completely out of place, and is completely unnecessary, but IIRC you can just turn it off. Excellent idea and execution,  but limited in replayability. Updated rating. Runs well, fun! Limited but gois for a few days Great zombie survival sim. Reminds me a tad of simcity, but with zombies and better! I like the seasons and that you can keep playing after beating the scenario. Also, the ability to save is great. You even get train and customize your people with items. Ooppoop Great game. Others were right, push failed updates from the Google Play website.  Fixed. Love this game. Wish I could give it 6 stars. Hate winter, though. You can disable it though you'll never get the scores you used to get before winter was added. But, she is appealing to survivalists and those who just want to watch the world burn, so many choices in one game. Do not buy this pos game. Had an entire game ruined as every turn my people comitted suicide. Some curch thing...funny right? Waste of time money this dev sucks Rescuing citizens, exploring the city, reasearching stuff and killing zombies...my cup of tea. Ps I like the music too. One star until I can download the new update on my epic Got me hooked. I wish to create better graphics for this game if I can even for just the menu buttons and stuff to help out in this cool game... Again... Love that you can bring 5 of your high levels with you when you leave the game on the helicopter. I really enjoy this game. Definitely worth it, good management/strategy game, nice music. Cleared the cache and it updated! Yeah!  I'm very happy with this game and it's quickly become one of my new favs! The programmer has a block in her head.  No offense, but it is true.  She cannot figure out how to create the .pak files for separate download like ALL of the other game developers.  She just includes everything in one single file and google only allows 50MB max.  But she blames it on google.  You know the rules of the game, play by them instead of making up excuses. love this game. great job. couldn't update so I reinstalled. worth the money. It's a turn based strategy game. Its a good intro strategy game for your phone. The only issue I've had so far is the latest update won't load. Though it was a little repetitive at first but after 4 hours (I didn't even realise I was on that long) I couldn't wait to play again. Been playing ages now and would recommend highly Boring ...... I can't seem to last the winter. I scavenged an entire huge city during the winter and started winter with 600 food and 48 people but once the town was picked clean we died Decent strategy game but like many have said needs a bit more depth or another element to it to keep you playing past a couple cities. Overall, it's worth a play if you're looking for something new to try for a bit There are few apps and games on Google Play that are worth the buck or two you spend. This is easily one of them. Especially the new city method. And the addition of Winter is just epic. Don't stop updating please :c Nice game, but graphics are bad. And might need some more gameplay variations. I am not able to download the update for the game i don't know if its my phone or the game and when I restart myphone the app is no longer downloaded but other then that problem the game is pretty cool Great Thanks for the fix. Really great game. Great game play, lost hours playing without realizing it. Story lines can get familiar fast once you played it but it still leaves a lot of room for new opportunities since maps are random. Dev is incredibly responsive and so far has not "over updated" the game like most others do but rather remained focused on quality and low permissions. Thanks k you! Best game ever I was unable to update until I logged into the Play Store via Web browser and pushed it to the tablet from there. Baffling, but at least something finally worked.   Good game. I was totally caught up in it for about a week but haven't felt like playing since. It gets a bit monotonous after a while. Still defo worth the price. A good intro to anyone looking to try their hand at a basic strategy game.  The graphics won't impress you but the gameplay has that tense TWD vibe of humanity at risk.  Watch some vids for a better idea of how Rebuild plays.  The music is also fitting; however, the campaign needs more upgrades, story elements, & random encounters.  Great app so far, thanks dev! To fix the update problem. Clear the games cache and uninstal it. Then reinstall, should be fine. This game is totally addictive i am playing three different games and i conquered two of them!:-) The update! It worked! All my stars are belong to you. had to uninstall and reinstall for update. BUT still a great game. Title says it all! Simple and fun with little problems, otherwise a five star. Easy to lose of time while playing I loved this game on pc and love it more on android! this is an amazing game and i enjoy re visiting this game again and its verry replayable and keepes me and most people entertained on any occasion! Finally got the update by re-installing, its a great game, hopefully this wont be an issue in the future. Recommended As others have said, uninstall and reinstall to get past update error One of the best Android games I've played. A lot more content and replay value than I expected Had to uninstall then install instead. Really fun game where you try to survive while working towards a victory. Easy difficulty is way too easy to win. Once you get to a higher difficulty, the game is almost impossible to win. That seriously becomes off-putting. I have not found a happy medium with difficulty that straggles the line of easy and super difficult. Nice game! Your new update sucks, it force close the game after music credits  UPDATE NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fun game Love this since I first played it, cunning concept and great execution. Would love to see an "infinite" map where you just keep going and the hordes just keep growing. Winter on challenging and above is definitely difficult, whole different feel from traditional, almost like you gave me two games in one. (still like summer better). Game completely locks up my phone (Evo 4g) occasionally since winter update, hope that's being worked on or already fixed. Great game Surprisingly large amount of depth, definitely must buy Download update get invalid package. Reinstall everything is fine. Otherwise great game good work. Great fun and addictive game to play once or twice. But after that there is nothing new. Automatic update failed, but manual update from inside Google Play succeeded. Has not been able to update due to error with server super fun game Addictive simple fun Wtf cant update All fixed!   Awesome game! Love the game, played it on pc before as well. Still had to uninstall and reinstall though. Strategy game with zombies. Lots o fun Played this on Kong, Loved it there. Saw it on here and managed to snag it during a sale. Well worth every cent. Quit reading and buy it already. Not too challenging, but terrific value at just one dollar. If you've tried it at kongregate you won't be seeing anything new from rebuild 2, but the tablet version works perfectly. I was able to download both .2 and .3...... am unable to download .4 though lol  Still an awesome game though! Very well made Good app Cleared cache, still no dice. :0( Droid Bionic. Well worth the cost, a great strategy game , only complaint is I want more! As to this game, we'll it is a very fun game to play.  I did not think I would like it but I do and it is a blast to play.  The graphics are great also. I think you will like it also. Great game! Ironically, I've never had an issue downloading any of the apk's apart from this one that is supposed to have addressed the issue!  Great game thought, you can pick it up and spend a quick session or easily sit down and have a long play. Can finally download update!! Kudos to Sarah for working to fix the issue & giving us back a much more polished app!! Can play this for hours & definitely recommend everyone download it!! Everything was going well until the update! The update completely made everything laggy & made me stop playing this. Please fix!!! But wont let me update... This game has an absolutely amazing amazing story line and game play. It is definitely worth a try you will love it if you enjoy zombies and turn based strategy Fans of simcity will enjoy this. Very well made game A lot fun keep up the good work Excellent game. Update download worked after clearing Google Play cache as suggested above. Awesome How can it be a google play bug when EVERY OTHER APP UPDATES FINE?!  Please stop updating this game with updates that dont work... I'm sick of it being in my update list. 1 star until you fix this... I love it Great little strategy game! Screen is too small. And you can't zoom in to ready anything. Gives me a headache from squinting and trying to read the extremely small letters. i played the playbook version and finished it in one night though. this was on sale for 25cents,  hope this one is longer. Reinstalled many times but it still goes to loading screen and just goes back to desktop. Unplayable on tab 10.1 with android 4.1 with past few updates. Can not be played on HTC Desire due to UI bug. The buttons on start screen are misaligned. Clicking on button does nothing, so you're not able to start the game. HTC Desire, CM10 JB. I have a samsung conquer and I cant recieve the update I love the choice in the beggining and already my favorite but it ends pretty quick Wont open on my phone Was great on the tablet but stopped working and the update won't download. Really good game but too bad its short Lots of fun! Keep up the good work. I was all over it for one game and now I will never play it again. Great game I love this game. So addicting This is a fantastic game and the additional content pushes make it better. Also, quick turn around time for bug fixes. My favorite game on Android! Really awesome and addictive zombie game only problem is that I haven't been able to update it to the latest version, I uninstalled it and now I can't install it, will give it 5 stars after fix Best game, kills time, survival strategy, none better! great strategy game! Летел в самолете 9 часов. Заснуть не мог - игрушка меня спасла. And won't let me down load an update on my phone or my tab Idk what happened This game is sick and I love it. You control the pace of the game, completely replayable with so many options. No required in-game purchases. I love it. Cannot put down... gotta get back to it! Nice Love the game, but I'm getting the failed update server message too on Razr Maxx. Please fix. Awesomesauce! Good app for people who enjoy strategy. Ive gad this game for a long time now and i give it 3 stars only because it severly lacks new content. Becomed too repetetive! Fun stuff I did find it fun and a great game for passing time during long waits and it does not straying the battery on my galaxy nexus so unlike some games I don't have to worry about an hour of play killing my battery The perfect cross between civ and the zombie theme! I've always been a fan. cant play cant get 25 cents back j/k they can keep cash times are tough but really cant play fix pls ...or the Governor... #WalkingDead Enjoyed this game for awhile, but the new update will not seem to download. Thunderbolt I played rebuild and rebuild2 on kongregate.  Thrilled to find it for my phone.  I've done all the endings multiple times and I still love playing.  Better yet, new content still being added.  Great no stress time filler.  And no hidden charges.  Not the battery hog like my other games. Cannot download update. error retrieving from server I hate this game for the sole reason that I cannot stop playing it. Played for 4 hrs straight, I need help. Can you change that zombie face in the main menu? Creeps the fuq outta me. At first this game is awesome! But then i dont know what happen, it didnt want to open. Please fix it or simply give my money back. Humpf! Very good game Intelligent, drôle, addictif. Phenomenal game,  amazing in a lot of ways,  but lately,  when I try to play,  it flashes black everytime I push a button on my vizio  tablet Too expensive for the quality of the graphics gets boring very quickly. I've spend a good 2+ hours doing the first game and had a blast. I then went to play the next new game only to realize it's the same thing, same buildings, same situations, etc. Was kind of hoping for a much bigger replayability for such a good game. But since there was nothing new to try and look forward to for each new games, I had to stop playing.   Hopefully the creator will give us all a bigger game or a bigger update with tons of new things. Great game! There should be more to the laboratory after we research everything. Was great until the update. Now it won't even open... gunna stick around tho until it comes back! Fun New update wont install or it would be a 5 star rating I'm a huge simcity type person, and I love zombies. This is a fun collaboration of both! Can't tell you how many times 5 quick min have turned into an hour. My only complaint (which is a minor one) is now that the new update is out, I can't download it. So I'm stuck with an older versiion that force closes all the time. Sucks, but I'm hoping it gets fixed soon. I played it in flash and it is still addictive in android. I hope this update fixes the bug in my galaxy player Simple and addictive Says there's an error. At first I thought the hardest difficulty modes were too hard. Then I realised that some endings let you start again with your five best survivors and it suddenly made sense. Cannot download from server. Bad file. Run little game, good writing too :) Addictive. Currently trying to live through winter and it's not easy. Please fix. I love this game! It is a bit confusing at the start to figure out the different classes of survivors and juggling the delegating, but you will quickly get the hang of it. Then discovering the different endings and difficulty levels will consume you!  My only disappointment with the game is that i haven't been able to download the new update. I keep getting an error message. :( Like the idea and operation, would be a bit better to explain some functions of the plots of land. But all in all a great game. Fun game but update not working How are you supposed to survive winter? It's unfair, not challenging. Once you've scavenged all of the food, you're guarenteed to die! I've turned it off; great idea, horrible execution. Thanks for the Fix Couldn't update for Samsung 10.1 tab. Getting errors. Please fix. Great game, have had it for awhile, it wont download the last update. Gets an error Best Zombie Sim Out There Great fun game that is hard to put down. When trying to update I receive an error message RPC:AEC:0 is that to do with the game or google play? such a great game. old school, turn based game. one of the best purchases. I was surprised how much fun I have had with this game. It will give you a fair amount of play time for your money. Awesome game.  Time flies by before you know it. Thanks for fixing the crashing bug. Love the game. Cant wait.to.try new content! You can go at your own pace I'm running jelly bean 4.1 on two different devices and I'm not able to run this game on either... I really wish I could at least try the game I bought. Awesome Thanks for the prompt update Ms. Northway. Working just fine now. I had some issues downloading the update and finally uninstalled and installed only to lose all saved games :( Oh, well, gotta rebuild again I guess. Pure awesomeness. Great game. Well thought out. At first glance I was disappointed at the graphics but after I started playing I didn't care.  The gameplay is fantastic. I never thought I would like something like this, but I love it. I love this game ! But can't play it anymore since last update... Fixed ! & fast ! Back to 5 stars ;) I love this game! Really good game mechanics, good graphics and sound. Works well on Archos tablet with Android 4.0. Fantastic little game, keeps me entertained and works great on my tablet! Lots of fun to play, very configurable,  and challenging. Needs to have a way of saving and sharing top scores, recording achievements, cities, etc. Otherwise perfect! Don't know about "unputdownable" this heap of garbage is unplayable as it crashes when opened. Well worth the buy really good game but after a few rounds it gets boring so more building would be needed When it works you can't put it down... Currently (at least on my SGN) it does not work Update: they were very quick to fix their mistake in the last update. I'm very impressed the dev moved so quickly. Aside from that this is an awesome game Quite a surprising time waster.  The difficulty ramps up pretty quick at later levels but the challenge is fun. When I first played Rebuild,  I just loved it,  the way it is set up is just amazingly fun. I can't see what could top the recent updates,  but I'm sure you will find a way to make the game even better. I have had this game for months now and I loved it. But now with winter I can't survive on any other mode than the easiest. I always start with five people from a previous game. Maybe you should make it so we can bring food with them. Or change it to where each map has to have at least two fields to hunt in (I've now played two games with no fields) or let us hunt in the woods surrounding the town. Anything to make winter at least semi survivable. I know I can turn it off but I like the idea of winter. Plenty of replay value! Can't put it down! Very interesting game with cool storyline I love this game, but also hate it because when I start playing, I don't want to stop. So far so good. Good strategy/simulation take on the zombie genre that will have you slowing "rebuild"ing your little corner of the world safe from all the zombies. This is one of the best city management games I've ever played, and well worth 5 stars! The issue with 3.02 was fixed about a day later, and I call that service! Ms. Sarah, keep up the good work!  Side note: The Report a Bug button isn't playing nice with Galaxy 2's on screen input. It moves the first word I typed to the end of the message, and won't let me delete it. If I try, it puts it back.  Thanks, and AWESOME GAME! Not too shabby This game it's great, the updates are adding more gameplay, very recommended! So simple yet i can never put it down. Keep up the good work :) Few games have held my interest for longer than a few days, but this is something I keep coming back to over and over. I can't recommend it enough. Replay level is high! =) Love the game, but I would agree that a change log would be nice, pleasant surprise with winter, but what else is new? Edit- thanks! really good game, it was well worth the dollar This game is quite addicting just like the flash version. Some improvements I'd like to see: the ability to exile people especially the doctor, tear down labs, build greenhouses, maybe call in a supply run from a previous successful city I bought this game on a whim, and accidentally played until 3am. Some of the plot elements seem to come up over and over, otherwise wouldn't change anything. Very long and time consuming game just what I was looking for. Really enjoying playing this game. Keep up the great work. It's like zombie tycoon! I like the game so i thought I'd download it to my asus transformer prime but only to find out thar it doesn't work.  It works perfect on my Samsung galaxy s3.   It will say 'loading' and then it force closes?! Please fix! Thanks! 2 star for now. Think zombies meet sim city. A fun resource management game. Simple game, absolutely addictive... unfortunately it doesnt start since the last update. Please fix. So much depth in an android game. Awesome. After the update it started crashing but I uninstalled it and re-installed it and now it works great!! Fixed After the update, I can't start a new game. I have a short attention span but this kept me entertained for a while, I dontusually play this kind of game but found this great. Say goodbye to doing.anything else for a good long while after installing this game... your time and desire to do anything productive will be put on hold while you wrangle survivors, scrounge for shinies and fend off the shambling dead. I like the game in a desktop browser but it will not run on my vzw GS3 (w/ nova prime). Force closes after load screen on latest update. As the editorial reviews said, this game is really hard to put down. The higher difficulty levels are impossible, unfortunately, and some of it seems a little simplistic, but overall this game is simply fantastic. I wish this were on a 10 star scale so I can give it 9 stars, but my quibbles are just too strong to give it a full 5 star rating. I highly recommend getting this game as soon as you can. The new winter feature is entirely too harsh, so be warned. To the developer: why no winter farm hunts? Latest update makes it unplayable So sad the update crashed it but hoping for a quick fix. I am wondering if its an icecream sandwich issue...   Moto bionic Doesn't work since update today An awesome game.  SimCity after the zombie apocalypse.  Very addictive and good replayability.  However, last update broke game. Awesome game, when it worked.  Presently crashes quickly after starting.  Looking forward to sacrificing more survivors to the altar as soon as it's fixed.  Thinkpad Tablet. My game won't load past the "loading" launch screen. I love this game and want to play some more! Please fix soon! Awesome game but force closes on latest version Good game but the last update messed it up and crashes as soon as the game startes, please fix it cuz I got really far This is a fun strategy game. It's not the longest or most difficult game ever. It's just enjoyable. Purchased from GP Store. HTC Sensation 4G 4.03 ICS stock.  Never got past launch screen. When I open it , it says loading and when Its done loading it closes the game. not bad Well done little app. It feels like a full computer game rather than an app. That sounds weird at first but... it seems like the best description. Not going to change my 5 star because I know it'll get fixed quick. But currently force closes after music credits. Using Droid 4. Can't wait to play the new stuff once it's fixed! This game is do entertaining and has the nice particularity that you can play even for 2 or 3 minutes and save it to play later. Sound is on the annoying side and the game is prone to hang the mobile phone when the screen protection runs, but I can only take one star for that! This new update keeps force closing. Please fix it. Lots of fun!! After the latest update, this App attempts to load itself and closes abruptly. Please send an update for this update. A classic flash game (it's Rebuild II not I btw), but they ruined the game with the last update. No way to play, crashes after pressing ANY button lol. Great job with the update. Now i can't play at all, as soon as u start the game it closes. PLEASE FIX!!! Don't even know if it works yet. The people winning just annoyed me After last update the game won't work, too bad cause it was a great game First off I would like to thank you for keeping the game fresh by adding new stuff; however the new update causes the game to force close when starting a new game. Still a 5 star game because I have no doubt this issue will be fixed with the utmost haste. Guess I'll play something else. Doesn't load on both nexus 7 and one x Amazing game but the new update crashes game. Fix asap Won't get past the loading screen before force closing. Please fix It gets boring after a while on easy difficulties. I have a hard time putting it away. Game force closes at menu. After new update it crashes after loading fix it Ruined by update Please fix...love this game... Updated for added changelog Recently started force closing when I get to the load screen. I like the game it just needs extra things to do Cannot stop playing. Well worth the price. Great gameplay, impressive art, engaging dialogue. The one thing that lets the game down is low replayability. Increased difficulty is nice, but nothing new is added - just more. That said, dev is still adding content, which is fantastic. Rare Breed Addictive fun In the league of sim city, civilization,  x-com and Warcraft.  Genius.  My absolute favorite cell phone game. Worth paying for 5 stars! Love it. Bought it 4 months ago. Just reinstalled it. Awesome! This is awesome must have for this price, alternate endings so it can be played over It was really fun until all my people began committing suicide and there was nothing to do to stop it. What a waste of time. Doesn't start on HTC One X Ok but replay- ability limited Great game, and highly addictive. Needs a bit of thinking. Wish there was a way to bring more than 5 people in the copter to the next map.  Gameplay can get slightly tedious, and some missions don't have a clear direction like what needs to be done, such as repairing the helicopter. Other choices don't appear to have any consequences or benefits that I can see, such as leaving to find your uncle's cabin.  Bonus: doesn't seem to take much battery to run, you can play all day and still have lots left over. A well done zombie survival sim. Runs out of memory fast on older devices like app-cluttered Moto Defy. Turning off sound helps. After update game runs glitchy and slow. Almost completely unplayable. This game is fantastic and I recommend to anyone who likes building sims, survival sims, strategy games or zombies. Works well on phones although probably better on tablets. Experienced some odd glitches but nothing even remotely game breaking, just some odd screen tearing. My recommendation for future versions, I'd like to see some achievements or other logs of endings unlocked. Otherwise, more events, more endings, more things to see and do! Thanks for this great game! Won't open The game have some serious play ability but it's very clear it's only half way done. Where's the rest? The best game ever known to mankind. The only thing i would want is a post apocolypictic look I am loving the new seasons expansion! So wonderful, and gives me reason to play again! :-) Can't wait to see what comes out next for this game. I especially love that there are no hidden "pay extra for ____"'s in this game. I can easily recommend this for teenagers as well as adults. Worth the price of admission Fun game but doesn't work. I can't stop playing this, I just get sucked in and feel the need to complete every game I start...genius One of my favorites I'ts boring and repeatative with almost no strategy or thought process. Very dissapointing! Playing this game! Kudos to the devs! <3 Crashes before opening. Feels like I'm playing a horror movie. Even the music is a nice touch Finally, the most addicting game of all time, on my phone! I will never be productive again! I love you Sarah Northway! A little strategy gem :-) I have finished it quite a few times but find it oddly enoyable still. It even got updated recently, hooray! I'm still trying for the hardest difficulty so here goes again :-) Very addictive game Or better eyesight! Cursive font used is too small for me to read comfortably on my Nexus S. Which makes trying to play a chore With even greater soundtrack. Couldn't put it down till I saw all the endings. Very good but a bit too short Its an intereating concept.   Easy to learn, tough to master.  And very addictive Great mobile zombie game! Excellent gameplay design and mechanics, constantly engaged, and good balance of challenge/reward. Very fun game well worth the price Fun but replay is boring it is nice to see a game with out an energy system.  This is the BEST smart phone game ever. Fun, but laggy C Really enjoy this game, it's got replay value as well. So addictive Finally I am able to play this on Tabulet Beat2S Addicting though gameplay could still be improve alot.. I love this game, I can remember playing it on my pc and I loved it then. It's even better on my phone and the updates are great too, keep the content coming!!! :) I once downloaded this & started playing. The next thing I knew, my wife had given birth to a child which was funny as she wasn't pregnant when I started playing this game, nor indeed was I married, so I'm not entirely certain what happened there... Nevertheless I think this is an excellent & highly addictive game! It would get 5 stars if it were more open ended. Depending on choices you make, the game is already over.  It is just a matter of time.  That's a bit frustrating...  Spoiler...  Kill the leader at the church.  You can stockpile for winter.  S/he's worse than winter... Hooooorayyy! Great game Use to play this game online a lot. Love that I can now take it with me but I wasn't expecting winter. I had an entire city reclaimed then winter hits and I and up having to bail out due to no food left after 12 days. Some in game warning would be nice such as " the days are starting to get colder, winter is about to hit." I wish there were less farmvilles and more of this on the net. Not just a boring formulaic game but one with a story that draws you in making you want more. Te very best game fantasti replay value! Updates have made it so much more fun! Great game! Good for when in the can. Best zombie resource sim I have ever had the delight if playing. Too bad it's constantly freezing, rendering it useless. No easy way to restart it either. It's fine that it auto-saves every turn, but when it's freezing every single time I'm playing, it's pointless. I seriously want to throw my phone it's so frustrating. Uninstalled. Cheap, easy to play and hard to put down. One of the best games on the Android market. After a dozen or so playthroughs it lost some of its replayability so I'm looking forward to the new content in the latest update! once you are basically invincible it gets old quick Absolutely love this game so addictive! Can you please put a "what's new" section in the description for the google play store? That way we know what the updates are adding, i hate updating without knowimg what it was for. Best strategy for Android Decent game, but no changelog, no update. If you like turn based strategy, you will love this game. I have been playing it everyday for two weeks now and I don't plan to put it down anytime soon. The background music is very fitting. It gives you a solemn zombie apocalypse feel. Buy it! I have never had so much fun on a phone. This game is awesome I hope I can find more stuff like it. Most game I think are neat but I'm done with pretty quickly.  This one I really have fun playing. Wish it was longer. I really enjoy the structure of this game, that it lets me take time to think things through.  Clever updates, and great how it keys you save characters from level to level of difficulty. Great game but the new  Christmas update won't work. It says package file invalid when I try to install it. Easily the most fun game I've played in months This game is really fun, but I wish they had more choices for the types of buildings you can reclaim/ build. I have like 7 Allmarts it would be nice if I could take over a target lol Reminds me of Civilization. Awesome game Love it.  Addiction 101! Works great on my TouchPad and Gnex. Fun I love this game. The kitten is my favorite character. Well made app but I was pretty bored Excellent. Couldn't stop playing! Nice micromanagement strategy game!!! Solid strategy game Well balanced, easy to play, and addictive. Great Great game every bit like the computer version and even better regular updates and even new versions like winter great job love it! Odd spin off, game play is less than exciting, but has a strange appeal. Really fun, it is missing some kind of career mode or tracker for achievements. Game play is diverse and fun. Try o survive the winter! and I needed it mobile. Great survival game. Replayability value is pretty good. Just wish there were updates for nee things to do, zombies, classes and buildings. Would love to know what this game is like but it wont get past the loading screen on my TF201... Great, but repetitive I seeks this kind of game on android for a very long. Rebuild is the one unique here. But it becomes similar after a while Fun game. Kind of short. Installed it at 10pm...it's 6am. Dangerously addicting gameplay. I love it! Great fun in short bursts, but it doesn't go too deep unfortunately. I have spent many hours on this game what fun I want a change log So much fun, first time I played I killed my battery playing for over two hours. Very fun, great replay, totally worth the money. I spent za ridiculous amount of time with this game.  I highly recommend it. New update has made it pretty fast!! None laggy on the map screen but it seems the lag has migrated to the survivor screen/list. Needs animations for the zombie fights and or allow the player to participate as well as in the gang fights.  Maybe have a multiplayer option in the future?? ;) Addicting. Looks and works great on my Photon, looks even better on my tablet. Very good turn based game Great turn based zombie apocalypse strategy game! Good game Good game..  But repeatability are too mundane after 4 to 5 game.. At least worth the money Fun fun fun! Seasons! In winter the city is blanketed in snow, farms can no longer produce food and you must search for other ways to stay alive... new events and endings to discover!  According to itunes version. Shame you don't know what the updates are though. Gets a little tedious in winter too. I beat it by repairing the helicopter lol be care cause it takes like twenty days to fix and hordes show up every third day it's crazy!!! Don't really have anything negative to say. Hard mode is insanely hard, but it should be that way. 1 complaint, no changelog. Played the **** out of this but with every update I never know if there's a reason to go back to it. Played this on a friends phone and got it myself to play and rate it. Think SimCity... in reverse. Reclaim your city from the zombie horde!  I also agree, though, a full change log, either here on the app page or in the game's settings area would be nice. Winter came as a surprise. Cheesy interface on a freakin great game. Totally consuming. Love this game! Love this game. Used to play it tonnes on kongregate. Glad I can get it on my android now. Only complaint is that I cant find a changelog for the updates. a bit easy but lots of fun Very good game much replay value. different map size is a very fun and customizable characters will keep you there for a long time but, I came in today Google play marketplace and I haven't seen a change log under the what's new tab I would like to see one before I hit the Update button This game will not let you go. I'm being serious - you begin playing with a plan to play for a couple of minutes and end up playing for hours. This kept me up until 5 o clock in the morning, and and I barely noticed. It really is fun and time literally flys by. Well worth the tiny price tag. Great game, but it's way too small. It's hard to read the text, and there is no way to zoom in. played it non stop for last few days. This is an excellent game that's fun and satisfying, especially for a casual gamer like me. Well worth the price. I thought the game was really fun. The only down side was that I was able to beat it (with two of the possible endings) in like a couple hours. Also, I only lost one zombie raid ever... Definitely worth playing though! This is definitely one of my favorite Android games. It's pretty easy to get in to, but very hard to put down. If you want a fun zombie strategy game, this one is very good. Check it out! Very engrossing gameplay! Played through 2 rebuild campaigns in 3 days! I like the many endings. sooo glad they made this for the android! Well worth the investment, I hope the developer builds on this concept. It's a great start, but it's so overwhelmingly under polished that it's hard to ignore. Graphics need an overhaul, game needs balancing, text needs scaling, etc. Love alt endings easy to play at first but those harder levels......wow Just a new motorola RAZR i and ot won't let me install the game.. says invalid package file. Love this game to bits but now cannot play it.. please help. Was fun, makes u regret some of your previous decisions, especially when everybody just starts committing suicide daily & u can't stop it!! Lol.   Would be nice 2 be able 2 discipline or reward characters based on performance. All on all fun & entertaining, for. 99¢ u can't go wrong! Really fun but limited mechanics. I feel like i exhausted the possibilities after 6 hours of play but i only paid a dollar so thats not a bad return of fun. Intriguing n awesome game...very involving....also-not a battery hog It is a great game. Needs more polish, info pop-ups flash rapidly and show up under my thumb. No Nexus 7 support Love the game but unwinnable now winter has come. Could greenhouses be researched & built in the next update? A brilliant game, even more so considering there's no ads and no need to buy extra content. I really struggle to put this down and have nearly missed my station twice. Well Done! Great game, very addictive. When I start playing, I find it hard to stop. There are tons of choices to make which can influence the outcome of the game, and each time I play, it ends differently. The winter mode adds a tough challenge, it puts more emphasis on foraging since you can't farm in the winter. Great until you win. A more changeable story would add a lot. Simply being able to intrigue against other survivors, exile them, punish or reward, rule or be ruled, etc. Some basic things really would bump up the replay value. Good as is but has untapped potential. Good challenge. Decent skills system. With the interface showed multiple events at the beginning of each day for faster play, instead of forcing you to dismiss each action report individually. Could use more replayability, but for at least 3 playthroughs you will see new sides of this game. That's fair enough. Wow, fantastic, can't wait for a sequel. I spent eight hours in bed last weekend playing this thing!!! Wow! Loved this app so much! Wish it was a lil longer.. maybe an upgrade? But still love it! Def worth downloading! After beating the game on the most difficult setting, no reason to keep playing Well designed game. Its a little repeatable. Don't pay full price. A nice light strategy game, good replay value, and some RP elements.  The artwork is neat, and the soundtrack is a good fit. Multiple ways of winning the game (some of which I still haven't discovered). I wasn't expecting this game to be so adictive, you can play for hours. A great time killer at work!!!!! Who doesnt enjoy post apocalyptic games? Fun game with high replay value Amazing game but when u get realy far it becomes way to easy almost point less realy kills the survivel part of the game but hands down best game ivgt Addictive game with a good back engine. Could use some animations for the cut-scenes, and a more involved mini-game to determine the result of the zombie-attacks would be better. Possibly using the Risk percentage as the determining factor for the mini-game's difficulty (rather than using it as the probability multiplier in a yes/no survival outcome engine). One of the best mobile games I have ever played. You can play in blocks of five minutes or five hours. Easy on the battery life and a whole lot of fun. I love this game. No matter how many times I play it. Sooooo so fun Is say package file is wrong Superb fun. You get very attached to your survivors. Ran great on my Nexus 7. Just completed it for the first time. Bought this on a whim durning the 25 cent sale and I can easily say this is the most addicting game that I purchased and one of the most played apps my nexus 7. I look forward to hopefully some more updates or maybe even a sequel. This is a good game but the background music is horrible. Just what I was looking for! Great zombie survival game. I really enjoy the game, its good fun. Zombies always = great. However, 75% of the time I can't even play it. I press to play, a black screen appears, and it crashes and force closes. I am yet to complete the game because of this Fast, fun and challenging!! Updated: Lots of potential but still limited replay value.  The same "random" events occur every game, and once you figure out the best response, there is no challenge. Status updates aren't varied enough and repeat too often. Victims of zombie horde attacks can be on the other side of the city from the attack. The van of hookers and stashes of porn show up regularly-apparently this is most important to survivors of an apocalyptic attack. No volume control. Cities are always rectangular in layout. Super turn based strategy game. Best sim/strategy game on Android. SimCity meets zombies. Cool story too. Buy it. Stop looking and just buy it. Excellent mechanics for a touch-based game. Cool theme, good writing, well implemented, etc. Game is good not a ton of replay value though. I've gone through all the difficulty levels and now it seems to be the same thing over and over, but for .99 cents it can't be beat! Love this game just like the online one can't put it down Very addicting in the beginning, but once you're done with your first city (found most endings) then you just start again (in a new city). Looking forward for the updates or Rebuild 2! Then I bought rebuild. I'm not sure I can offer anything new about this app but I would like to commend Sarah Northway at Northway Games for the efforts at implementing a simple yet fun post apocalyptic turn based strategy game for the tablet.  Kept me busy for several hours while waiting for the Xbox gamers in my home to give me my TV back! Fantastic game. Absolutely worth the money. This would make the game so much better! Also if we could have the option to hunt in the parks after we claim them that would be great:) Its so fun ! Good time  consumer Rebuild has deep gameplay (for a mobile game) and an appropriately dark atmosphere. Definitely a must play if you like city building or zombies. I loved this game for the day I had it, but it made my eyes go blurry after playing it for too long, It's too addictive. Turn-based resource management against time and zombie hordes. Could have more endings and slower development with even bigger cities. Please upgrade to smth like RTS. Would love to see characters walking moving/carrying our their duties. Like guarding the fort for example. And if possible an animated invasion. Just to see smth moving in the game would be awesome. Other than that, GREAT GAME!!! Very fun game I just don't know why I keep repeating this game although every city is basically the same gameplay, but it's just worth it! I love it. I'm glad I bought it. holy cow. went from summer to winter after update no warning right in the middle of game i was almost finished with spent 3 hours patiently working on  next thing i know it the dead of winter and my entire food surplus went in 15 turns no offense but you should warn when making drastic game changes like that or at least make sure  to implement on new game not one in progress sad part is it would have been 5 before update  impossible to win in winter without more realistic summer food income First off, this is a great and fun little game. First time around it was so fun. Only thing this game needs is lots and lots of balancing. Primarily in Winter, the game is unbeatable because there is no food income. You can scavange every day, and you still won't make it, so please fix. Add random names for trader, gangs. Fix so u can use auto-scout and turrets while having guards stationed. Add LOTS more to tech tree, auto-turrets? Pay in time and food (labour) to clear out apartments for more capacity. 3 per apartment block is silly. Same for farms, 10 levels of upgrades?  I would like to be playing one game for weeks not hours, need to be more slow and steady rather than zombie attacks every night.  More turns per tasks.  slow down levelling by having it up to 100 per skill, It might take you afew minutes to get into the game but once you're in you definitely won't be getting out. Got this game for 69p bargain. Haven't put it down. Easy to play and choices for larger and harder modes. Great turn based game on android. Lots of replayability. Can change cities and hardness level. Maybe others who say it isn't replayable haven't figured out how to do that. Only seriously challenging on nightmare. Good fun though Worked great, but last update caused lots of lag issues which makes game play tedious. If resolved would earn it a fifth star Great game but it does get old just a little quick. Overall its worth ever penny Awesome turn by turn strategy game! If you think you've mastered it, then you must be playing the easiest level. Highly recommended. It was fun and challenging but here are suggestions to make this better. Allow unlimited conversions for all buildings. Right now if you build a turret, you can't convert it to something else. Allow people to unlearn skills. Fun game,  but it is hard to stop! The bigger the city, the more the game freezes or stops responding. Towards completion of game cycle, huge delay in responding. Memory leak? Will rate higher when fixed! I like it Lot of fun. Worth every penny. Liberating your first city, absolutely amazing!! Very addictive... really love how decisions effect plot I've only had this game a week and have probably put 24 hours into it! Run smooth Moto Rzr & HP Touch Pad with low battery consumption. Already looking forward to an expansion.  Edit Found PC version of this game today tried it thinking it might be even better... i was wrong Android version is much better. Would of happily paid more for this game here's to more updates! Billy Gould from Faith No More did the soundtrack! Awesome! Worth every penny. Now just add more content devs!! This game is fun, however, it's based on the pc web game rebuild 2, not the original rebuild. This game is still good, but I've always found the original to be better. Also, winter is horribly imbalanced! Zero food income?! How are you suppose to survive that? I made it over 30 days in winter, spring never came and i lost... This game is very good and definitely worth the price. What's the update? This game is actually Rebuild 2, the sequel to the original Rebuild. Both Rebuild and Rebuild 2 are available as free Flash games on Kongregate and other Flash gaming websites. I had completed both Flash games before this mobile version came out, but I still paid for this anyway because the developer deserved my money.  This mobile version has a few more extra contents than the Flash version, but it is mostly the same game. I would definitely recommend it. Oh! Come! On!  Game was working fine when I downloaded it. Then, it "upgraded", now it won't even start.  I touch the app and it does nothing.  I paid for this, why?  Galaxy S II Not a zombie fan, but love a good turn based game Not much replay value but definitely fun the first time around.  I think a little FPS action to help decide the outcome of the zombie attacks would add more depth to the game play. Outstanding Has improved significantly over previous versions. Now works most of the time. Occasionlly unable to change he stations until reinstall. Though started hanging up on my HTC Desire Z, still an excellent game. Great game. Cant stop playing this. I wish the city could be bigger. Lolz Doesn't start on my HTC One X running CM10(JB). To bad since I bought the game and was really looking forward to playing it. Fun! Lovely time passer A brilliant turn based strategy game. Very good Installed it Last week as part of the Google sale and spent the entire weekend playing this. Unputdownable is the correct word. Couldn't leave without finishng the game level. Awesome Developer cares and worked hard to fix issues. Game is fun too, and great price. Support the small developers, give this game a try. Thanks for listening. Doesnt handle huge cities well.  Lags like crazy at around 80+ population Unique Same gameplay and addictivness as Civilization but with a nice twist. I have enjoyed this game alot since purchasing it.  I still haven't managed to win on very difficult or impossible so there's more play in my future! Challenging and fun Managed to kill my phones battery 4 times the day I first tried this, may have spent slightly too long playing it! My partner is getting annoyed with me cause I pay this too much! Properly good game. There's a short learning curve at the beginning. Challenging as difficulty is increased. Grow abit attached to the characters. Genuine surprised with randomness of some scenarios. Prefer if there were even more dynamics designed into the game. I played the flash version of this first, and played that for hours. In fact, I skipped hanging out with friends that day because of it. Now I can bring it with me. So worth it. Loving this game's mechanics, game play, and even the art style. Only thing preventing me from giving out the whole five stars is the occasional lag when scrolling, and the small scrollbars on my device's 3.7" display. All things considered, however, this is fine, fun game. Recommended. My ONLY complaint is that on my mytouch q the words are too small I have to guess at some word. But just as good as online version, and really enjoy playing it! Hope a sequel that is a little more complex arrives! Y would I want to be directed to somebody's blog every time I open the app.  Game is a bit slow n boring actually This is a great game with a nice play style and theme. I am going to have to go to rebuild rehab after I am done with this game. Great game play and very good looking. any sale on this game is well worth it. Did not have high expectations, but this is now one of my favorite games.  Great way to pass the time. This is probably my favorite game on android.  Just plain awesome. Brilliant stuff, more games like this and less like bloody facebook games! I just can't seem to stop playing. Great concept, decent game. It will suck you in! Love it. Fun and thematic. Had this game on the iOS device first. It's like simcity but with zombies. You build up your empire block by block, go through the tech trees, etc. Is it worth the price? For me, it's worth buying to have on all my mobile devices. This game is really great, especially when I got it for a quarter. Only downside is after a few play throughs it starts to lose its replayability. Worth full price though, would buy again. Fantastic game that has a huge amount of replay value. I've wasted long hours on this game building my city and characters. Great to be able to carry my fav characters over to a new city and start fresh. Easy to get into and completely absorbing I have an Asus TF101 and I can't play this game I just stuck at "loading"..  please dev fix it. Black screen then quits to home screen. I'm not even really sure why exactly, but I love this game! I played for hours on my first start and have been playing a lot over the last couple days. Definitely worth the 99 cents! So happy I bought this, it has depth like a civilization game, and not like the facebook Farmville etc. Actually entertaining, difficult (good options to adjust it) and varied!:) but nothing intrresting after clear an easy game Good game Radical Zombie Game Very fun, hours of entertainment. definitely worth the money! Could do with more levels to be fair but if you play it casually instead for 5hrs straight like I did then you'll enjoy this for weeks of commuting Boring. Great game, super fun! Too much fun for being so simple. I would play the flash online version of this game all the time. I bought it for android not so much because I thought I'd want to play it on my phone, but because I thought the developers deserved the money. :-) Truly an amazing game! I absolutely lived playing this on PC...now I've got it on mobile! This game creats a perfect blend if strategy and emotion when playing. A highly recommended game! And very cheap as well! Love this game! When I saw the graphics I wasn't impressed but after trying it out I was really pleasantly surprised. This is a prime example of game play over graphics. Could use some differential in the text dialog and some new buildings and what mot At first the graphics put me off a little but I loved the concept so I gave it a try. Honestly probably the. Most addictive game I've played. The outcomes and the world are actually really interesting and on ending in particular caught me off guard. Tip: start on challenging Very cool like a board game and addictive Excellent game. Very addictive! Bought the game for 25c. The gameplay is really dun and addictive! Just finished playing on the hardest setting. Nice! Best game I have bought Game is fun, I just wish there was a way to go for longer games and more cool stuff to do. Fun though, don't miss out! Great game Addictive. Reminds me of lost days playing Civilization. After trying to get into about 20 different games in the app store, this is the 1st one  that clicked. I have put 20 hours into it already and still want more.    Play at the higher difficulty or its boringly easy. Turret towers rule. Make sure you scout everything. And make sure every survivor has a high weapons skill.  This game has a great formulae for a zombie apocolyspe game, it just needs more of everything in parr 2. Well worth the price, I can see myself replaying a lot. The background music is awesome, don't think I want to play this alone in a dark room :P This game is a lot of fun. Worth the time and money. No in app purchases required Rebuild is the kind of game you can play at your own pace. Be an aggressive expansionist or firm up your defenses before every step - these folks have built a game of complexity through simplicity. Awesome! Simple game that's easily one of the best games I've played on android thus far. Fun and addictive This is the 1st android game to make me waste 2hrs on a game on my phone. It's very good. Easy to learn, fun to play Good job to the creators of rebuild. This is a great turn based strategy game with a great theme. Having to rebuild a town after the zombie apocalypse. Great variety of characters, fun tasks and a constant sense of danger make this game great fun.  And you will always want to play one more turn... 4.5/5 With the lag issues tremendously improved, this game is tremendous fun. Good app Hope it expands or develops into a PC game Loves it Great game for a somewhat short time. Only problem is it lags when you select something. Like it loads a prompt page then it unloads it then it finally loads back. I'm sure people when this problem know what I'm talking about,very annoying. New content would be cool too :) While fun and challenging I wish there was more of an ending of goal.   Maybe the sequel will have a better story or scenarios you can play. Managing survivors and preparing for zombie attacks was pretty entertaining despite the crude graphics and repetitive music. Also when you gather 50+ survivors for your fort trying to reassign individuals for specific missions is a chore. There should be a way to snap to a survivor wherever he/she is within the city. I finished two maps and got most of the endings, but the game play gets repetitive fast and offers no replay value. Really fun game. Haven't played a great turn based strategy building game in awhile. Very addictive especially on harder difficulties. Would love the sequel to have more depth and events. Super addicting and fun! The game play is simple, yet addictive! However, got bored of it quickly after about 4 hours of playing. There's just not enough scenarios. Replay value very poor. I'm still giving it 4 stars for the brilliant concept and game play method. Now on play through number 5. Excellent. This game is excellent, very well done, very polished. And not once anywhere have I been asked for an ingame purchase. 5 tars all around, not a single crash or anything.  This game could be improved by: 1. campains, scenarions, alternate maps 2. User generated text - so if game users had the option to add text after "missions" are completed.  Asus Transformer TF101 One of the best android games. Would like more missions This game is better than expected and a rare type of Android game. Good fun Awesome and addictive I picked this game up because it was on sale, and boy am I glad I did! I would not have known about this gem otherwise.  The game is fun, intuitive, and reasonably deep.  There are lots of things to discover.  My only gripes are UI related:   -When you build a tower and send someone to stand watch, you can no longer access the other features of the tower. -Assigning equipment to people is more difficult than it should be  With these two gripes aside, I still give this the highest recommendation.  Worth the full price if for no other reason than to support future improvements by the developer. Won't work on my Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. Uninstalling and fixing permissions had not gotten this game to go past the loading screen. I would love to play it eventually! Great game. It's turn based servival game where you play role as mayor of a town that needs to rebuild after a zombie apocalypse.  Straight forward and simple to learn.  It also had replay value with many different difficulty levels and campaign lengths. I have completed a few city's. Good sat in loo fodder. Needs more stories and ability to an assign people with out having to go to the buildings. And less repetition please. Good fun anyway though good Buy the full version.  The game starts in tutorial mode.  It's way more fun once you kick the difficulty higher. Excellent game! I often get bored of games like this, but I just couldn't put my phone down! I would recommend to anyone! The title screen is blank. No clue what I'm pushing or supposed to be doing. Fix please. Can't even open. Galaxy s2 Update was bad,  menus chugs on Xperia play Either a poor tutorial or just not a fun game. It didn't pass the 5 minute test so it will be deleted. I don't understand all the great reviews? Got it for 25 cents. One of my favorites. I like it Game is great but it crashes my phone every time it's played longer than 30 minutes. On the other hand, it's a game that I want to play for longer than 30 minutes. Bit of a waste, unplayable on my xperia wt19i Don't have much to add, just a really fun strategy game I was awake until 4:30am playing. I played this game all weekend, couldn't put it down. Trying to discover all possible endings so would be nice to have a "Found 3 of 10 Endings" in the Victory/Failure status page.     I'd never heard of the game before so this was a VERY pleasant surprise find!    There doesn't seem to be a way to disassemble or replace a watchtower once up. Some buildings need to go to an intermediate type before you can rebuild again into desired type. Not sure if this is "by design" or a bug though. Zombie fun,  turn based sim. This game could be a very good game, addictive, and nice gameplay, but SLOW SLOW SLOW  I have a dualcore, 1.5ghz Sony Xperia S, don't tell me it is not enough for this zero graphics Loading screen appears but then closes and returns to previous screen. title says it all. it does crash sometimes though. a little update could fix that. I would relate the gameplay to something like the old school Sim City, where you try to develop your town, withstanding the natural disasters. In this game's case, those disasters appear in the form of zombie attacks, raider attacks, key citizens getting sick, starvation, etc. The economics of this strategy game are SO well balanced that you are constantly trying to prioritize and balance your city and citizens against the aforementioned threats. The challenge is great, and the city you defend/develop is randomly populated and configured every time you start a new game. Buy this game, but keep your charger handy because you'll realize once you start playing that you'll be glued to your tablet for a while :) Opens then closes immediately at the "Loading..." screen. No fix found. Cleared cache. Force stopped. Moved to SD.  Can't get refund either. It so good I got instantly addicted 2 days doing nothing but playing it. it does not nickel and dime you for every action, the only thing missing is multilayer and badges to be completely addicting. An amazing game that sadly the developers seem to have abandoned. Will fix rate to 5 if they start to support the game again Silently crashes on 4.0.3, not even a FC is shown This game is a lot of fun! Its greatly addicting, and I have yet to win at harder than 'kinda tough', but definitely has plenty of replay value! I don't review often, but this is the first non casual game I found that I couldn't put down. A very well designed turn based stratigy game. Highly recommended! Game play is perfect on my HP touch pad. Fun and addicting, at least the first couple of games. The game mechanics are excellent and well thought out. Plays perfectly on the nexus7.  Wish there were some more scenarios, perhaps they can come in an update? Lots of layers. Replayability is good too. Highly recommended! I am almost through my second play through.  The game is very well made, well balanced and shows lot's of eccentricities that you will only find from small, independent studios.  Don't expect fancy graphics or animation, but do expect to be sucked in to the game. HTC One S instant exit upon open attempt. A real shame, tried moving to SD and rebooting etc. Even installed Adobe Air. Hoping for a fix... I have avg and lookout installed? Might this be the issue perhaps? keeps crashing to launcher and launcher gets stuck in a constant reset loop, needing a reboot to fix.  would rate higher if I could play more than 1-2 rounds between reboots.  HTC EVO 3D Good idea, polished execution Looks like a great game. But crashes, 2 sec after launching. Great job, this game is super addicting! Great game. But won't load half the time. Unputdownable. Amazing game. I wish it was more in depth on the main character. Maybe add a story starting from the cabin or when the constitution is finished. Fantastic game, a brand new look on Zombie Survival! I wish there were more games like this. Only problem I have is that you can't use the towers to scout or shoot while there is someone in it. You have to remove the guard each time you want to use it. Very Fun! Game play is excellent, menu graphics could do with an update though. Quite low resolution in the menus Doesn't play nice with my Galaxy S. Extremely slow and crashes frequently, which I find odd since it is not graphically intense. I've played the browser version on my pc and loved it, but it is unplayable on my phone. Did all of the app2sd steps and rebooting, and it still crashes. Engaging. One of those games where, when I'm really into it, and I have run the battery down, I'll plug my tablet in to charge and keep playing. Mostly play on my nexus 7. Cant stop playin Great concept and awesome implementation this game managed to seamlessly absorb any free time I had! I love this game, and could not put it down once I started playing. Zombie apocalypse with a Sim City/Civilization twist. Warning though, don't start playing if you don't have some free time because you won't want to stop playing!! Amazing game. Maybe add some more events in the next updates Sounds terrible simple fun without the Facebook issues. This game is so addictive it turned me into a zombie, I got better. Boring and lacking anything hat would be fun. Very fun and approite for a touch screen device. Works well, text can be kindda small at times, but the quality of the game makes up for that. Got sucked into this game. Couldn't put it down for a few hours. Started playing and ended up killing 4 hours playing it. This is simply an amazing game. Awesome game works great, I'm just not into this type of game. A little boring for my taste, but the game itself is awesome if youu love strategy games you will love this I am not sure why the word RTS is being mentioned in reviews since this is purely turn based strategy. You start off in a random city block during the zombie apocalypse  and must allocate your group of survivors to missions such as scavenging for food/supplies, recruiting survivors, building defenses, etc. Easy to learn yet has the strategic depth to keep you occupied for many hours. Turn based, with saves, is ideal for mobile gaming. Highly recommended for fans of strategy games. Awesome I half expectex this to be one of those social time basex games,but boy was i wrong! This is agreat game. The premise is nice, i love the rebuilding theme instead of merely surviving. My only problem is with the leave city thing. There is an option to send a few people to a new city, but so far, i cant seem to find a way back to my old one. There was no proper waning, for this. Great game.  Lots of fun for a quarter but too easy.  Beat it in no time.  Add levels please... Installed game and planned to work through a part of the tutorial section but ended up so totally hooked I played a whole game in just under 2 hours.  Looking forward to upping the difficult and playing again... I enjoyed.   Kept me entertained.  Worth the quarter. Boring, annoying graphics, not even worth .25¢. I bought this game about 6 months ago. I wasn't expecting much. I was blown away. Great game and great music. Gets a bit repetitious though.  Different scenarios, and more variety would improve the game a lot.  No bugs I could see for me. Very addicting game, I couldn't stop playing I hope they make more games likes this Amazing! Only played about 10 mins and I love it already, I've been waiting for a game like this on android for ages,  really addictive Works fine on Nexus 7 JB. Great little game though it feels like once you've played once, you've played it all. The only variation is in city layout, difficulty and survivors. Perhaps a little more endgame stuff would improve it. Lagged often on my tablet. Don't know how much I enjoyed this, but but I did play it for two hours. I won't be raving about it, that's for sure. There's a reason this is in the 25p zone it don't work! ... Like completing a whole playthrough in one sitting from the very first time I launched this game, even though I should have been asleep 3 hours ago. Yow!  This is survival horror for thinkers. Less twitching, more scheming, satisfyingly haunting ambience. Hi, stuck on loading screen then exit. Any reason why? Tf101 Fun and interesting. The presentation and story line are good As said the game doesn't even start on my android 4 tablet. No fix yet. It would be great if the story were deeper, and possibly expand from one city to an entire nation, continent etc. That would be fantastic. And then a gradual transit into an intricate game would be lovely Was so worth the .25¢!! This game rocks! Would have paid more!! Very creepy and fun. Like that you can tweak so much of the story line and layout. Hope they update it and add more. Like other countries around the world?? At first I was skeptical but I thought what the heck. Try it before judging. I didn't leave the game until I concurred it Very addicting. Doesn't work on my HTC One X with Cyanogenmod 10. Love the flash version, happy to wait for compatibility :-) Especially if you like zombies ;) addictive game. Want more though. I love me some zombie games. This one is unique from anything I've played yet so far... Loving it. Wish there was more to it. Kinda seeing that it's going to finish a bit earlier than I expected.. It's very addicting like everyone is saying. Hoping the dev puts some more depth into the game and keeps adding onto what is already an awesome core example of something fresh and fun. Kudos and keep the updates coming! Played it for hours I just played this game for 3 hours. Mad addicting I used to play the flash version of this on the internet all the time. So glad that it's on android now! ! ! Just BOUGHT and downloaded this game on my HTC EVO and the frickin screen just goes white. Uninstalled and unsatisfied. I had already played this or something very very similar to this and wanted to play again. Close other unecessary apps for it to run smoothly. Great buy.when it was 25¢ Sort of simulation game, meets zombies. There's some weirdness though; I don't know where to place different buildings, or if it matters. Impressive turn based strategy game.  Easy to learn, quick to play; polished design, excellent soundtrack, well written.  Impressive debut from Mrs. Northway, looking forward to her next game.  Highly recommended. Just been playing it for an hour or so and I can tell this is a game I am going to put a lot of time into. Cooler addictive game. Barely Worth the 25 cents Very bad don't waste your time and money Schweet Slow even on SG 3 The interface is pretty ... But it makes the game way too slow.  The ratio of joy to wasted time is not high enough. Nothing but a white screen. Such a shame, as it looks awesome. Fix it please ... just after I installed it! Gah! Sorry, can't say any more about it. It just does not start, crashes at startup. Not refund since Im a little late with deleting it... Might update it when it works again. Got a device with ARM Cortex-A9 Amlogic8726-M6 Dual Core 1.5 GHz Processor and Dual Core Mail 400×2 GPU. The letters are way too small for me to read. Please fix and will rate 5 stars. At least add different font sizes. I have 3.5 inch screen. Played the web browser version, loved it. But won't even start on my device constant crash. I love this game!  I've only played through once.  It's simple enough to jump right in, but not so simple it gets boring.  Awesome job with the stories ad well Was awesome now won't even open  Samsung galaxy tab 10.1 Android 4.1 It has all the elements of a great civilization-esque game however even on the hardest difficult it is far too easy to beat and a little repetitive; maybe face the bikers also be taking over the city and you have to fight then and the zombies fit control? Great sim My favorite tablet game ever... logged over 7 hours... Asus transformer The game itself is awesome,i love strategic games. I would rate 5 stars but the lag. Every time i click somethink it blinks and,it's just laggy. Please fix! A long time ago I remember playing this game on newgrounds and I loved it, so when I saw it was added as an app with new features, of course I bought it.  The gameplay is very fun and addictive, its a very casual game as well so you can pick it up and play it any time, even if you only have a few minutes. Oh and it has great replay ability  There are a few minor complaints, like not being able to build over certain buildings. Oh and turret towers are very over powered (I kind of like it, though it does make things a bit easy) I recommend researching them as soon as possible.  Oh, if you want to play it before you buy it, look it up on newgrounds, though I certainly recommend the mobile version. (plus it help support the dev.) Have beaten every level and still can't put down.impossible level very tough, but can be beaten. Crashes frequently but still worth the money. Love it, sequel? Awesome Game Solid Hard to put down Great concept but the scenario it's the same old game. Amazing! This game is fun but I have a few issues with it. The location of the x button to close a window overlays the button to advance a day so I often advance a day accidentally. Also on one difficulty level its not even a challenge and the next level up it's impossible because my town is attacked by a horde every other day. Over all it is a fun game though. Terrific game. Played this for free on Kongregate for months - am buying this only to support the Dev. Keep it up! A lot of fun, crashed occasionally on my galaxy nexus, but auto save makes that a very minor problem Perfect strategy game for a mobile This game is perfect for showing you're right. I give it 5 stars for interesting visuals, tense sounds, creepy atmosphere, awesome zombies, realistic insanity, and the power of leadership. Great concept but too easy, too short, too few scenarios. Not really worth paying for compared to many free games. Thoughtful indie game. Simple gameplay, but once you get in to it you can't help but play for hours. Downloaded as recommended by a friend, but won't even load on my tablet. Seen a few similar comments on here (admittedly should have checked recent feedback first). Email sent to dev, hoping for refund, but seen that a few people have not been so lucky. Will update when I hear back. It's a really fun and addicting game but more updates with new buildings and endings and upgrades would give it a higher replay value. And the price is right Having read the reviews i was really looking forward to imersing myself in this game, one review cited Sid Meirs Colonisation and games of this ilk - with this expectation the game was very dissapointing. There is no apparent strategy and no depth - Put simply when i played this game everything went to plan, there were no challenges, no real decisions or strategies to be implemented. Very strange game, everything seemed to just go my way in 3 hours of play i has "won".... it seemed pointless to me.    Obviously plenty on here like this game, i wish i knew why :( Stable, cheap and addictive. But,  the game play is short and linear. It has great potential for add-on or more scenarios. Developers, keep up the good work! The BEST game on google shop It's over fast. Wish there was more to it, but for the price can't really complain. Best game I've played in ages Now incompatible! Fun strategy game. I especially enjoyed good writing. It added a lot and made me care about what was going on with the characters. This game definitely has replay value, which is a big plus. I found this game online a while ago and proved to be a great time vampire during a slow day at work.  Now I have it on my Droid and it plays great.  Cool game is a bit battery heavy. What's fun about this? Zombies and strategy,whats not to like!! Played for hours so good value for money too. Good game gets boring after a while but worth the money paid for it Good game Amazing game that has been a time sink for me, I love the wry humor of it and the addictive turn base faceplate.  If there is a sequel out there then it needs to be on Android ASAP! Nice game... Any chalange plz Loved this game on phone and my tablet ... Boring. I wish the content changed more the second time through. Rebuild is a turn based near-RTS. It's worth the price for the time I've put into out. The single biggest problem is the difficulty. Easy, normal and challenging modes you will beat every time. Hard, you will never beat. It's hard to play when you're options are guaranteed win or loss. Also, there is serious lag in the menus and the same stories and events repeat every match. But needs to be refreshed more often Now it won't even open, and it always lagged with the menu before I stopped playing. I loved this game, wished there were more of this type I like this game. It's really fun. The game, however, seems to drain my entire batery in just a couple of hours. It even drains it when it's pluged in with the screen off! as in I launch the app, load a save, make sure my phones pluged in and put it in sleep mode. It still drains the batery. Perfect just before bed Fun resource management and city building game requiring strategic planning & calculated risk taking all wrapped up in a zombie apocalypse! Turn based means I can play at my own pace and on my own schedule. If you like zombie survival games this is it. Read some reviews, gave it a try. Fun to play. Easy to learn. Easy to maneuver. Wouldn't call it civilization but a game to waste time without realizing it. Yup Amazing gameplay, best strategy game for Androids Fun game, but gets boring after 4 or 5 long games.   Needs more variety in the scripted events and more random story bits.   Overall though, a very solid title and worth the cash. Awesome story type play- just wish it was longer- completed in a couple of hours. Very boring repetitive and not worth ten pence lasted about ten minutes. If you like civilisation any turn based strategy game this is not even enjoyable Truly fun. Better than anything Zynga has managed to vomit forth into the market! Once I started playing I couldn't stop! It's a bit complex to start off with, but once you get used to it you just can't stop. You care about the characters and want to guide them through a safe journey. I love the fact that they get stronger and build skills with more experience and adventures. So good, you're a little disappointed when it's over. Kept playing even after I won the game. The music is excellent, but gets repetitive after a while. But i wish it had more elements - so that i could replay it even more...:) works perfectly on transformer prime Best Game I've Played on My Tablet So Good u dont need a descripTion I have been a fan of the online version for years and this mobile adaption will probably never touch that one again. In addition to being able to play the hardest modes from the first game, it has also expanded with a new 'tech', and new endings. Only complaint about it is that i had to get up early today but spent all night freeing cities of zed, runs beautifully on the ATRIX. Get it, now that i think of it i could have used the save function, but wait.... IT AUTOSAVES AFTER EACH TURN!!!  WOOT I couldn't put it down. I love the fact that there's nothing additional to purchase. Needs Some fixes and updates Boring. Looked awesome so I downloaded the game with high hopes. However even on my top spec tablet running Android Ice cream sandwich the game refuses to load. So just be cautious before buying it amigos.. In depth game with loads of choices extremely addictive! Runs great on my S2, good gameplay and quite humorous. Lost one star because I'd really like to see more to do when you've finished, map scenarios and building types. Gets a little boring after several hundred playthroughs ;) This is a very fun game, but it's basically the same game over and over. The cities get bigger and the difficulty gets harder, but the plot events are the same.  The same rogue scientist wants your lab, the same prostitute caravan comes around... the same decisions in every scenario. Maybe it changes eventually, but I've done the same thing 3 times now. I'm bored. Simple core mechanics that work and plenty of twists to keep things interesting. Been playing for days. This is the best android game I've played.  I guess I'm a bit odd, in that I don't want to be bent into my phone frantically tapping at it.  The pacing of this game is great, the choices it asks you to make are excellent.  The only complaint I have is that the difficulty increase between 'challenging' (which is too easy) and 'seriously hard' (which I can't get through) could use a little tweaking. Fun needs more variables Love the game! Wow, I like this game from the first 20 minutes of play. I cant get the options overlap window to go away. Closing causes flash and thats it. Really fun game, cool art, overall solid. Dang game drains my phone battery *because I can't stop playing it!* Want more gameplay.  Bigger cities, more caravans, more random events. Not much longevity but great fun Great game Sad. I am very picky when it comes to buying games.  Too bad this game doesn't download. Will be refunding. This game is just plain fun! No technical problems at all and still having a great time after hours of play. Nice game, easy to play, but only one scenario, so the urge to replay is limited. Addictive Lots of fun and hard to put down! Would like some more content to make a little more variety and increase replay value Loved this game online...was over the moon to find the app game is actually better than the online version! Do it, its worth it! Love it! Took me in straight away but finished it way to easy. Needs to be harder and maybe some new locations would be great. Fun game but only gave it 3stars because its quick to finish needs more missions/challenges So addicted to this game. I have played this more than alot of ps3 and 360 games that I have payed 60 bucks for. Hats off to the Dev. Gotta admit I loved getting an email receipt with the name of a person and not a Dev company. Pretty fun Plenty of room for fleshing this game out. I was a huge fan of both kongregate versions of this game, so when it came out I knew I had to have it.   Only things I dislike about this game:  1) there is no "skip notifications" option, so you have to manually flip through every single note from the previous day.  2) you cannot turn off the auto-focus while going through notifications, scouting, or using turrets.  3) When looking at your people, there is no sorting options. Would love to sort by skill, greatest-least (skill), or equipped/unequipped.   Please keep making more Rebuild games! The effort put into this game is awesome. Great artwork, great music, easy mechanics, amusing and dark narration, and a ton of fun to play. Definitely worth it. really fun needs more content Great game play, random events, graphics, and random maps make this fresh and addictive.  You get to care about your survivors since they grow and change based on your actions.  They even recently added some evil actions for you to take if you wish.  The game has a TON of win conditions you can attempt for but discovering them is half the fun. I use a NATPC T10A RTB ULTIMATE 16GB Capacitive Android tablet using Android 4.0 ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) Though I followed the instructions to the letter, this didn't work. The initial download runs and the icon appears on my device, however, when I try to run it and get the message "this game requires an additional such and such MB to run", it shows the download screen then does nothing. I have taken it off and re-installed it three times and and then moved it to the SD card as suggested to no avail. I have a full strength wi-fi signal and over 800MB storage. Can you help please? Though to short. Loved it, but way to short. Needs another couple of maps. Oh and the church of the chosen ones turns into a suicide cult. When u get the option to over throw the church, take it.   Why no updates? Please expand or else i'm gonna have to uninstall. Once you figure it out the games becomes extremely easy to play. Finished it 3 times on the hardest difficulty. Still addictive and fin until that point though. I enjoyed myself playing this game. Good quality and fun! Would be better if it didn't lag, glitch, and force close so much. Used to work fine. Recently does all of the aforementioned issues. Well made and funny and difficult to stop playing. Moved to SD card and restarted but it doesn't work. Tried on HTC Incredible 2 At last a great game that isn't plagued by in-app purchases or just another tower defense game A great game on ANY platform. One of the very best on Android. Can't wait for Rebuild 3! Didn`t work.  No refund.  Thanks. Thoroughly addictive game! Premise is strategy/sim of zombie apocolypse instead of just another shooter. Great replay value, no two games play the same. Can't see getting tired of it anytime soon. If you're a fan of zombie horror (especially the walking dead COMICS) or strategy or sim games, this is well worth the few bucks! Its a very basic game. Its fun but doesnt offer much of a challenge so it gets old quick Good game with some cool endings, would love to see some easier to use menus and some new content. Very fun and engaging, but it needs to be more challenging at the harder levels. Great game wish it was longer but no complaints otherwise It starts off slow but builds to something extremely strategic and fun. Great game.  Would love some new building types, but I'm just being greedy.  Seriously addicting. Doesn't work on my defy Fun game until you get about 60 survivors then when you send them on missions the load time is horrible. EVO 4g LTE This is one of my favorite time killers... thanks for including android. The way the game works on PC is perfect for touch... thanks. This is what game design (on any platform) should be about: character, experience, and humor. Beautifully done! Lame Nice game for a day or 2. Nice game smooth Cool twist on zombie gameplay. Feels short but still very fun. Genre? Must be "story sim", just like Sid's Pirates. Great game and works well on my gs2. Highly recommend. I don't usually like turn based strategy but the mix of city management, zombies and light rpg elements makes for a winning combo! Great game!!!! :D After playing twice it sort of lost its luster. Would like to see yhe game develop further but haven't heard anything from the devs of they plan to do so. Bought a transformer prime tablet from Asus and have downloaded over a hundred different titles this week alone, but this is the only game i haven't been able to put down. Truly spectacular game play, looking forward to anything else this developer offers. My fullest confidence that as long as your device can play it you'll love it. The game force closes every time you get an offer and don't immediately decide what to do. It also will force close in normal game play but, this is not often. I purchased it less than 12 hours ago. After you gain the whole city, there is nothing else to do. Definitely not a game that is worth $2.99! Menus freeze sometimes too. None of this matters now though, because after a reboot, it force closes as soon as the map is shown. Good thing I beat it a couple hours after downloading! Uninstalled. Worth the money for a fun strategy game Works perfect. Very addicting, just wish the dev would update it and give different ways to play since I already beat it several times. My only knock on the game is that there's a big jump between the lower three difficulties and the upper two. Good luck getting past those. Great concept. Really hope the dev expands on this or creates a more advanced sequel. Price is worth it. No crappy advertisements or scams to get u to spend money or invite friends. A true sim, even if it is fairly simple. No probs at all on my Galaxy Tab 10.1. Well done. After moving to the next city...the game is crash...worthless...for such a nice game Loved this game on armorgames. Purchased immediately written released for Android. It's excellent. But gets to run slow as more city reclaimed One of the best games I've played. Just stayed up WAY too late playing it.  I seriously can't believe how good this is. The game and commentary is pretty great. The only draw back is that the commands take longer to process as you gain more territory. Not my cup of tea.  I found it dull. I love this game, I only wish the interface was a late more responsive. I also would love it if there was a difficulty between the tough and impossible level. Impossible isn't unbeatable, but it sometimes feels like bad things happen and you couldn't have prepared enough for them at all. The tough level is imminently beatable, on the other hand. I'm looking forward to a sequel with more features, there's a lot of fun to have with this game style and setting. Really well made. Makes you think and plan ahead and most importantly.... Kill zombies and run them our of town. With each town being a different layout, nothing is predictable. A really fun game. Needs a bit more depth though. Has small replay value. Would love to play again if it had more meat. Love it. Easy to play. ZOMBIES gotta love it. So addicting! I spend hours on this game! Easy to learn and fun. Highly recommended! Not happy payed for app and it won't open, I want my money back! Well worth the price. It could use more options in buildings, techs, or classes of people, but even still it was a fun and challenging game. Love it. Best 99 cents spent. Got this during the May sale and couldn't put it down until I finished the map. Good entertaining game Awesome game. Well thought out, and a lot of time obviously spent making it. I don't like zombie games, but try this one, not your average zombie game! GREAT JOB one the game! Kudos to the inventor. Keep updates coming, and new games! I probably just don't get it, but there really doesn't seem to be any point or challenge to this game... I would like a refund please yea its good but its to repetative. Loved it as a browser game, very excited to play mobile. Neat game Great Civilization like game, couldnt stop playing for almost whole 3 days:-D Just plain fun Played fot 3hrs straight till i finished the first city...all this game needs isbextra content to carry on..maybe more meaningful side missions just more depth but i was very gd and kept me going It's an interesting take on zombie survival but small scale even at the largest with rather few options. Random rolls with modifiers seem to determine how well you fight them. Over all more bang for your buck than a movie but still not something which would leave a lasting impression. I never rate, but this game was great.  If you like civilization, you will probably like this game.  They're not the same at all, but similar in their turn based strategies Simple, fun game. Some good options ! Addictive, ultimately shallow but; great for a phone game! It's not quite there with Civilization :), but still a lot of fun for the price. I wish developers would do more turn-based strategy games like this (and not just another tower defense). Great game, first played in kongregate. Fell in love with it immediately. Paid to play it anywhere on my phone and the latest update makes it every laggy to play on HTC Desire HD.  Will give 5 stars when fixed Make sure to scout early at higher difficulty. Been looking for a worthwhile strategy game (ala civilization) for android for a long time. This is a fun game and pretty well detailed. Buy it! ive never been so addicted to a game on my phone!  im like 10 hours in...........fun Doesnt work on my phone, tried uninstalling it, re installing it, moving to SD, Rebooting.. i just get a white screen. i have a Sony-Erricson Xperia Arc. Fun game that offers hours of entertainment. It has all the characteristics it needs to keep the player interested, it's simple and fun. Only complaint is the lag in the survivor screens and when selecting certain things in the UI. Once fixed the game will be amazing. I love Civilization on the PC. My favorite game of all time. This game has some similarities except the focus on research seems to be far less. However, I do love scouting and pushing back the fog of war and training up my survivors. It's pretty fun and I find myself playing this game for many hours, just as I did with Civ. A great game on the Android and definitely a five star app for gameplay. I'm not one for reviews, but this game came out of nowhere when I was just browsing and caught both my boyfriend and I sitting on the couch around the tablet until very late hooked on this game. I like the balance of how you send out your people and train them up. As previous reviewer said, would be nice to see a graphics update so its easier to see what missions are available at each point instead of just the flag or the apple, but its very engaging, well written and has a nice gritty zombie/walking dead feel to it. But after a couple of hours it becomes insanely boring It is like Sim city meets zombies! Lots of replayability, depth and options. I hope they keep updating and add some multiplayer as well. Love it Running on kindle fire with ICS.  Hoping for further development and additions.  Would be nice to adjust click volume and have some better payoff for a full complete with all endings on Impossible / Huge.  Having said that,  it's a blast taking your core group of survivors through all difficulties with brutal demises awaiting after each turn before defenses are developed. Disapointed :/ Fun time destroyer with very challenging difficulty layers. Simple and VERY effective :D I think a lot of the reviews for this game are rigged Quality game. Carnt stop playing it. Please keep adding stuff to the game. I like it... I just wish the graphics were a bit less cartoony and more gritty, bloody, zombie apocalypse-like. I hope a sequel gets made. so good This game Isnt going to live on your phone/tablet forever.  You'll get bored after a few plays.  However you'll enjoy those plays greatly.  Great looking,  well thought out and atmospheric game.  Some small expansion of game play could easily make this 5* Really want to play this,  but I can't read the writing as it's too small on my screen.  Any chance of adjustable font sizes? Definitely a game that makes you say "Just one more turn..." and BANG, half the night's gone!  Pros - thinking game, plan your strategy and see the results - neatly made graphics, smooth - characters become important as they level and MAN it stinks when they die! - random maps are awesome - zombie hordes ratchet up the suspense  Cons( Suggestions, really! ) - more research paths / uses for items in late-game scenarios - more animations of battles with gangs / zombies - ally with other towns( multiplayer, rebuild the world? ) - more variety with events, tend to skip them mostly after a few games( no surprises any more ) - make it possible to lose lesser-defended areas( ie Bar vs a Shopping Mall ) Amazing One of my favorite android games right now.  If  you like civilization, this is along the same concept.  I only wish that you could interactively stop the zombie attacks instead of just a screen telling you about it.   This will keep you busy a long time. It was fun for a few play through on harder levels, but lost it's charm after that. Just not a lot of difference in playing again. thanks Amazing! Does exactly what it says on the tin. This is a perfect game for the phone; games can go as fast or as slow as you want, and you can always stop in the middle of something and pick it back up later. One of the few strategy games that really has kept my attention. Simple, yet challenging if you want it to be. Continuous gameplay.... so you can keep going. I find this much more enjoyable than the games that are constantly trying to get you to buy things so you speed everything up. Ran smoothly on Galaxy Tab 10.1 After four days of playing, the maps start to feel identical. After learning the basics even the hardest difficulty becomes a boring walk in the park after the first few turns. It's an addictive game, and a good way to kill time, but when it comes to entertainment value it feels more like one of the games you can pick up in the free section. Put more work into it, developers! I played this three times and loved it.  Worth playing for sure.  Three times is enough though.  I would like to play another game similar to this one now! Great game! This is game represents time wasting better than any other out there and the price is on point. ... on a 4" screen!! Took to lunch break and ended up wasting half the afternoon.  Very enjoyable. Awesome!! Very fun game to play. Hoping they will come out with more options though, have played it for a week straight and has started getting old. Very fun but got bored after taking city This is a sweet zombie similation game. I high recommend this to anyone that has an interest in zombie game. They should come out with a dlc with more space, research, challengess (viruses/sick), over all more stuff to make the game more realistic. But this game is amazing, if there were no more changes I would be happy. Nice to see a proper strategy game with no gimmicks. Really enjoying it, especially playing on the harder difficulties where it's a real fight to survive. Awesome addictive game. Played it for 5 hours straight right after buying it. Only issues I found was the game gets laggy when your city gets huge. Love this game! Ive played this game for hours and I can't put it down. Definately worth the $0.99 Addictive. I wanted to play it over and over to get all the endings. Good game One of the best games I've found on the market. Play at your own pace, and make it as hard as you like. This game deserves more attention! This game takes all the excitement and action out of the zombie apocalypse. Love the game on PC, but doesn't work on Droid X. and Rebuild certainly scratches that itch well. Very addicting!  However, the game is sorely lacking a high score list! What's the point of the end of game score otherwise. Awesome and addictive Seemed interesting at first. But its a very simple one level game. With more building variations and better defense options this would rock. Great turn based game. Would like to see a little more content but overall a great bit of fun! Gets boring.... I don't get it. """" Love it <3 Needs more things to do. Bored quickly short but good So addicting. Best game ever. Love it! Great value for a dollar. please fix Beat the game on seriously hard to find Buddha. Basically, it's Game Dev Story with zombies. Instead of developing a game company you are reclaiming a city. The game gets very repetitive but is enjoyable for the most part. The mission summaries are are reused a lot, the music is limited, the same events happen. It doesn't save high scores.  It is fun, but could use some polish. It was fine for a few hours and now it doesnt seem to be compatible with the sony ericsson... please fix I really want to play again... Needs achievement system and more game play contents and I love the game. It won't even load up, I wish I had read the 1 star reviews before buying this! Feeling just a little cheated! This is a great zombie game. I really like how there are multiple endings and different ways to keep the same people between cities. I've had my android for about a year now, and have yet to find any games worth putting much time into....well, I installed this gae, and 3 hours later, I still couldn't put it down....this game is deff worth the price! Great on your first playthrough but once you have completed a level once, nothing new happens. It's very good.  The variety of endings to discover adds some replayability, but new games get a bit repetitive and tedious after a while.  The harder settings definitely pose a real challenge.  I got my buck's worth. Impossible to play on SE X10, too slow, crashes all the time. Just avoid this title. I dont know if you tested it for the Droid X but on my device the game is unbearably slow, to the point where I can't even play the game. Any suggestions? The game keep crashing on my Galaxy Note. Hope you can fix it. Thanks. My god, this is an addictive game. Smooth Very fun I was expecting a challenge.Each game plays out exactly the same. I finished the first two games within an hour. Not worth the money. I played this game on a popular flash game website and fell in love. Mobile version?? Hell yeah! Awesome und fun It's good needs updates I know its awesome. I played it on my PC. Won't work on my EVO Nuff said. Sim city with a mix of zombie RPG elements. Good soundtrack and multiple ways to win.  Suggest for improvement is equipment menu so can quickly sort and remove items Great idea, reasonably well executed. It would benefit from a campaign mode or a greater goal. Buggy and dull. I wouldn't bother,  especially on a phone. One of the recent updates made the game so laggy its virtually unplayable HTC incredible s Very Addictive!!! Sim city with zombies w a choose your own adventure story line..... Great to start, but dialogue and events are the exact same every time you play. There isn't any randomness in the actual storyline and progress for development/upgrades. Great concept... Having major lag on my DROID2 =( unplayable as is. Doesnt work wont even go to the loading screen. Feel that this game is rough around the edges. game play is monotonous after a short while. ui for some tasks are annoying to navigate Fun game, but gets repetitive quickly, great for killing time. Super game but there needs to be more than three game slots, otherwise you have to delete one of the ones you saved.  Further game advancement needs to happen or people may get bored after beating the current version. Great game Yes at last a turn based game along the lines of a classic Sid Meiers (Civilization) type game complete with fog of war! . Gameplay is near perfect with the choices you have what members of your fort to send on missions complete with different skills weapons & build & also the use of the school to further educate the population is a great idea. Also found that every new game is a random area so no two games are the same so that is a great new take too!. Fun and addictive, but repetitive after a few games. Highly addictive, hope they add some more features soon so I can keep coming back for more. Defo worth the tiny price tag Great game but newest update makes it very laggy, please fix. HTC Thunderbolt It does not work on experia play.  Want refund. Just blank white screen. If it wasn't for a little bad UI design this game would be perfect. Despite that IT. IS. AMAZINGGGG!!!!!! Once you start it's hard to stop. You just have to finish! Awesome An old formula but really nicely executed. Hours of fun :)   Would love to see auto-save because there are occasional crashes and would also be good to see a guided mode where the game automatically adjusts the grid size and difficulty as you progress. This game is so fun. It  reminds me of the total war games with the end turns ect. Runs great on my s2 Really good game, thanks Sarah Dull Very addictive and works well on Asus Transformer Prime This is so much fun,I have never quite got the hang of video games but I love this game. Don't download too addictive!! Sucks Confusing Great game and definitely has improvements over the flash version as far as difficulty and map size. Only problem right now is that the current update has made all menus laggy and can be frustrating after a while. It needs to be fixed asap besides that still worth a purchase for any strategy/simulation enthusiasts. I'm looking forward to more games creative like this. Try to play for a few minutes and wind up playing for 3 hours. :) Awesome! Haven't put down all day. Enjoyed this, but absolutely no interest in playing through a second time. Great game I've played it for so long, I'm glitching it in my phone (Droid RAZR)! I can't put it down! Amazing concept, game play, and increase in difficulty, not enough stars to rate it... :) Omg this game is so awesome!  I will start playing and look  up and be like  'WHAT??  its been 3 hrs?  I just started! ' Fantastic game, keeps you hooked with the compelling game play and story. Just finished my first play through (159,105) definitely needs a sequel. Played on my galaxy nexus phone. Very fun game I hope you add more or possibly make a sequel!! This game got pretty repetitive... Also, i hate the fact that when ur city gets so big, you gotta go hunting through fortified building just to free up people to re-allocate. Gameplay gets old after an hour or two... Best simulation game aka strategy simulation game I've probably ever played. Hmm... This game is kinda like your "Game Dev Story" office gets raided by zombies and you throw in an awesome soundtrack and explicit language... Although Game Dev Story is average compared to this if you ask me. Maybe I just love games for adults. You CAN toggle the language though. BUY THIS GAME PEOPLE. Good game. No animation but make up for it with sound and good strageties. Def and expland quick if u don't want to die. Don't play easy or med. Make hard so u have challenge on the game. Brilliant, fun, highly addictive game.  Love it!  Please can we have an expansion with some different maps and a few more technologies etc? Very fun but it uninstalled itself from my phone and i lost everthing which is why its not getting 5 stars. Wonderfully unique game combining sim city and civ style, mechanics to a zombie appocolypse.  However it does feel like it needs UI tweaking in places to better fit for mobiles, ie text, fonts and buttons. Feature requests: More unique survivors and buildings, individual experiences effect survivors more often, better management of large amount of survivors, improved tutorials at start. So addicting that I finished in about 2 hours. I would like more scenarios, maybe more personal plots and stories etc. However, the update made the menus sooo laggy. I often click things by accident which is extremely annoying. Please fix! Fun, good for a buck. I'd like to see: A fix to that static sound, cause that soundtrack fits perfectly with the game A fix to the responsiveness of the buttons one star for each Always been a fan of turn based games and zombies, no brainer to download. (Pun intended) Too repetitive One of the best games on the market! Spent 2 hours on this before bed haha! But too easy Really good fun, but the interface seriously lags sometimes by about a second. Still worthwhile though, so get it Wonderfully developed game. Took me about 4 play throughs before I mastered it. I bought it for a buck and it was worth every penny. I wish I could buy some type of expansion pack. I want more! Would like to be able to have mini missions where you could lead the teams on scouting missions, etc. Wonderful I could not have expected a 99 cent game to be this good. Samsung galaxy 2 Great game. When I start I can't stop. Great game but crashes my phone every 30 minutes or so. HTC Thunderbolt. I can't stop recommending this to anyone that enjoys strategy games or zombies. Great work! There's a small learning curve, but once you get started you won't be able to put it down. Really fun, wish there was more gameplay. Finally a zombie apocalypse game that doesn't eat my battery too!   Worth every penny and I can play on my time. I don't have to sweat the little stuff and can still have some fun with the game.  You can follow one of the usual missions or just take the whole city back if you want (or both).   The choices can be as easy or as hard as you want them to be.  Thanks for the great game! Awesome game, very well done I am addicted.  My gf has started stealing my tablet to play this.  Worth the money and more. Had it for 2 days and had an update. Now no longer supported for HTC desire s. No offer of refund. What a p*** take!!! Great game, ready for some updates though... The new update causes the in game popup screens to flicker. So much for fixing bugs. More were added. I love the zombie RPG style.  Would benefit from more features (sorting of inventory or people, map zoom) if expanded. Awesome game. Can't wait for a sequel! Fun game not thrilled about all the freezing though Already beat the web version. Just bought it to support the developer Love it, very fun! Simplistic game play. A turn based game should involve strategy, this doesn't. The game runs pretty well on my Kindle Fire but occasionally bogs down. I'm sure my experience will get better as future updates come out. Time waster, and fun. Best zombie apocalypse similar I have played yet Newest update causes it to glitch out on my droid global Had high hopes, was disappointed. Fun for 30 minutes. Replayability is low. Great game The game is too easy to beat and monotonous after an hour. Fun strategy game Great game for great price!! One problem though Android inspire 4G the game has been a little glitchy like its lagging since update This is a fantastic game! It is so underpriced. Would love to see a person locator though. Sometimes you need a guy and they a trending a random crop or guarding. If I could just end their assignment from the people list. Not flashy, and a lot of reading to do, so the game isn't going to be for everyone. I however find it addictive and fun. The game is well balanced, and provides lots of replay value with multiple city sizes, difficulties and endings. It's a great game, I couldn't tell you why I enjoy it so much but I really do, trouble is, it ends too early. Maybe you could find a way to make it so you can connect all your cities together so you're not just starting again. GREAT GAME :-) Good fun game but has a tendancy to crash and now that its been made incompatible with desire its useless for me... Game is addictive but it's limited in scope and longevity. It has a quirky humour and easy to pick up game mechanics but it runs out of steam midway through the game. Well worth the dollar though :) A lot of fun I've been completed the flash player versions but still had to buy this version for my tablet! It's nice to know that you guys actually care about what people think about your game. Five stars! One of the only mobile games I've beeninspired to come back to. Really good fun, though it does get a little repetitive after the first play through. I would like a better stats screen for the survivors, something that shows at a glance their abilities and what they're equipped with. Definitely worth a download good game play and good strategy involved Very cool, highly addictive game. Gritty illustrated artwork  after events reminds me of The Walking Dead graphic novels. Big + for having a 'Rated R' dialog option. Would like to see more animated tiles instead of tiny flags, hammers, etc. It would be much easier on my eyes. More/varied sounds would be great, especially a way to control the volume of the selection CLICK sound. Please keep developing and adding to the game. Deep strategy and interesting resource balancing. Sometimes crashes (nexus one, June2012). Overall one of the most engrossing android games. Absolutely great, easy enough if you want it to be and hard enough if you like that. What?!? Why would you do that? This was a great game and I had a lot of fun with it! Please, bring back support for HTC Desire Brilliant and fun. Definitely glad I bought it. Well worth the money Loved it, and looking forward to future updates. Great for killing time Awesome Had the game for a week was enjoying it until the update now it doesn't even start up Love it.. Even tho it isn't that long, it's still enjoyable the 10th time around.. Look forward to more apps by you. I love having this game on my mobile phone. It's well worth the price, but you can also just play it online for free from your computer. I wish more flash games were portrf to android, but this is one I had thouht about the day before I found it on here. Needs more content, beat it a few times, but felt that there wasn't anything left to do. Great game, id only like to see a better fight screen. But other then that the game is game great. Addictive, engaging, and well executed.  I would gladly pay for a significant patch and/or Rebuild 2. I burned way too much time in this game on Kongregate, and now I find out it's gone mobile!  Are you trying to get me fired? Seriously though, awesome game. Sim city with zombies? YES PLEASE! Versus tablet.  App black screens and will not open Best description I can think of is a very lite version of Civilization with zombies.  I have a few minor quibbles with the user interface, and some of the text is appropriate for a tablet (too small for smart phone), but overall it's a brilliant game, exactly what I need on my phone.  A single game can be completed rather quickly, but there are seven different endings and multiple difficulty levels which vastly increase replay value.  Note: after latest update screen transitions are glitchy (Bionic), but game is still very playable.  Wish list: high score list (and stats would be nice too) One of the most in-depth strategy games to be found on android. Reminds me a little of X-Com. Among the best mobile games I've ever played. Worth every penny! Very addicting Good for killing time at work, not good for long play sessions, but still, one of my favorite games. Would love to see new content in updates :) Brilliant zombie survival game and well worth the money. thumbs up to the dev !!!! Easy to work and get used to, entertaining and well created. It's seamless and addictive. First time playing it I couldn't put it down, 3 hours later I forced myself to go to sleep. Super fun game Addictive, superb, must own. All words that get thrown around far too often, but in this case they don't do this game justice. It's fantastic. No excuse to not own it. Good fun game.  Needs some expansion but what's there is worth playing. Played it three times in a row as there are various endings and sometimes endings are just beginnings (can't say more, won't spoil the fun). It could use some more missions/objectives to increase replay value but I definitely got more hours out of it than I paid for. And maybe there'll be an update or Rebuild 2... :-) Excellant turn based game. Would be nice to be able to edit clothes. Ended up playing this for most of my day and didn't regret a single second Very addicting. Time flies. Utterly great. Simple enough to pick up and get the hang of reasonably quickly, but with enough variety and detail to keep you going for ages. One of the best finds in ages! Awesome! This is an addictive little Zombie Apocalypse survival sim. Pretty cool play style with a just right turn-based sim design. Casual and hardcore sim players should find fun in this one. I loved this game on armor games, even better on the phone. This game is remarkable. It combines survival horror elements with excellent storytelling and strategic teleplay into an incredibly addictive package. on easier difficulties, sit back and enjoy the story.on harder difficulties, be prepared to spend some serious strategy trying to survive. I've always wondered how I'd far in a zombie invasion. Turns out: not very well. :-( Great. Time waster especially if you like the tv show The Walking Dead This game is really fun! Keep making games like this! I like how you can move to another city after you finish the one you're playing, But I wish more stuff would carry over. It be awesome! I loved this as a flash game and love it even more as an app on my tablet.  My only suggestion is to make it a little less predicable. Each story path always leads to the exact same outcome. Looking forward to part 2 Awesome game and concept I dont know how this got any ratings at all below 5 stars, its awesome You may find yourself sitting in a dark room with the faint glow of your screen lighting your face as you tell youself 'just one more turn'. Has huge potential and im excited to see where else the devloper will take the game. For the price, this game is so enjoyable and easy to pick up I would definitely recommend it to anyone! Can be repetitive Fantastic game, had me addicted from the start. Great humour, good strategy. Great customer service A great turn based game! Great game Played this a few years ago on the computer and it rocked. I loved this game on kong. This version is even better. I dont normally download apps that cost money, but when I do, I choose amazingly fun ones like this. Very playable zombie sim game Not bad, but overrated Great game for zombie lovers! I've played all the top shooters, flingers, puzzlers, tower and fantasy games. This is hands down my favorite game on Android right now. The "just one more turn" based explore, exploit, research, and destroy gameplay is beautifully translated to the mobile screen. Unputdownable is right. I've been playing for a week or two and having a blast. The best feature is that when you "win" you can choose a few of your favorite survivors and escape to a new city. Really just a fun game. Won't load on HTC incredible waste of money Brilliantly addictive. Just a shame its not quite as deep or complex as I'd hoped. A very good start and I hope its expanded on as i would pay more for more of this! Definitely a developer to watch. Not much replay value but worth eveft cent!  Buy it I usually like these types of apps but I just found the cartoon style animations boring and the level of difficulty too childish Gets a little easy after a few plays. Still, fantastic game, looking forward to a sequel! Awesome game! I didn't put my phone down until i'd completed it on easy and i'm now playing it a third time on challenging. Wish there were more games like this. Ridiculously entertaing!! Very cool game! Give it a try! As was said above, it would be great to see more variations in game process but still very impressive! Greatest game ever! Not a bad game by all means. However, reading the reviews here I was expecting more complex interactions with the environment / map and the survivors. All you can do in this game is basically, scount, go on food runs, convince people to join you and kill zombies. After 1h or so it started to feel a bit monotonous. Fun turn-based strategy game. Limited replay ability though. Freezes on white screen before the game loads. EVO Been playing this on kongregate for tens of hours until I got bored. Just bougt it to support the auhor. If you havent played it yet - what are yu waiting for, totally worth the price!! Got this game cause it had great reviews and was on top downloads. Played for about 30 minutes and still have no idea what the hell is going on in this game. Waste of money, should have free version with buy option... I loved the flash game so I was well disappointed when it completely crashed my Desire. I won't get a refund but I would have liked more warning about the amount of resources this game needs (because it looks like it doesn't need much graphically). You even posted about it on your blog.  This game deserves a higher rating, but not on lower end devices. This game is extremely addicting. After 10 minutes you are hooked and will not be able to stop until you've killed every last Zed. Great game! Can't wait for the sequel! It's well worth the money spent.  It is thought provoking and intelligent in it's gameplay.  Way to go! Couldn't put it down for hours and days...but sadly I've beaten it several times and waiting for added material or game improvements :) This game is very well pit together and executed. It has the feel of a Civilization/Sim City port with zombies! I did not expect this game to impress me as much as it did. I give this game a definite buy. It's one of those few games that you can play for 5 minutes or an hour and still enjoy it all the same. Played this on my lap top before good game... freezes on the day 3 zombie attack... how do I get my money back. Could be more linear difficulty. But a great first game. Best app for your money! Worth all .99 pennies! Runs perfectly on droid razr maxx. If you don't get this game, then your missing out! Can't wait for it's predecessor. I' m sure the sequel will rock! First android that has kept my attention  for more than a few hours.  Oh and its 99 cents Very good for the price Well I paid for it....not worth it in my opinion sorry Great game. Few lil issues but for 99c i won't complain.  Thanks :) Doesn't even open... It did offer a lot the first play threw but not much reason to do a second since you can get all the endings in one run (except one I think) Epic Totally addicting! Couldn't stop playing. hope a second one comes out. This game is very addicting. I think there is a big when entering your name. Cause when I hit space, it adds random letters and put me back in the beginning. doesnt work on tfp When I try to type anything in, theres a few bugs that you need to fix Awesome little game but it needs more complexity and challenges. Beat all the ones I could then sat around learnin' my survivors. 6 stars when longer. Doesn't install and doesn't offer refund This has to be one of the best games i have played. Its simple to understand quick to get into and most important a whole lot of fun.***WARNING*** THIS GAME WILL MAKE YOU LOSE TRACK OF TIME Crashes every time I launch it A good game, excellent value for money. Multiple endings give you the choice of which goals to aim for, game length is 1 to 3 hours. Fun the first time - i couln't put it down. But a bit repetitive and samey after you've completed it Pretty fun lil game. Bit repetitive after awhile but i stuck thru anyways to get the whole city under control. Beat second difficulty in about 4 hours and got 4 endings in one play through. Would i play it again?..probly not, but i recomend trying it. Well worth the 99 cents. Great game especially for the price Great game For the first few hours I couldn't stop playing this game. It's awesome and challenging at the same time. Overall excellent game Pick it up I always loved this flash game, couldn't count the times I played through it. Now I have it on-the-go!? Amazing! Definitely one of the most addictive games I've played on my android. Thanks for creating such a great game! Reminds me of jagged alliance, but in pocket format. Only wish it was longer. :-) Love this game! I want more... Addictive with multiple endings. Fun and tough love it Causes lots of lag. Makes my phone freeze. Too bad. Other reviews seem great. Good fun time waster. Works fine on s3 Awesome game, very very addictive. Well worth every penny! Not anywhere near as good as most reviews but its not bad....fun for about 4 hours Good game but gets boring quickly, not enough to do, still good time killer though Can anyone tell me why I keep getting a black or white screen every time I try and use this app, I thought for .99 cents I'd try it but I haven't got to play it for about 2 weeks now and its really annoying me :/ Love the game but the game doesn't fit the screen right and keeps on freezing This game is only worth 3 cents Good challenge levels but a bit more variation with buildings and the science attribute would make this game even better. Played on Galaxy S 2 and it was great. Now installed on my HTC Flyer and small issue with the screen size but contacted Sarah the creator and response has been quick and good. Just what you want from a developer. Thanks Simple yet so fun. Didn't know this existed on Android but always played it on PC Best zombie rebuilding game ever Only wish there was more variety so I could keep playing over and over again. Not a zombie game fan but this is a great one. Hard to put down. Yep. Not many games can keep my attention for more than a few minutes.  This game has kept it for more than 3 days now.  Buy it, you wont regret it! Samsung Galaxy S2 - Great way to pass the time. It's alright, sort of fun but mostly redundant. Gets old pretty quick Great, addictive game. Good design and nice interface. Well done Sarah. Nice one! More like this needed! This game is work atleast double the pennies I spent on it. The game is insane on harder difficulties, but that's what draws me in. A few more techs to research and increasing the time school takes based on level would make it more challenging, but I have no complaints! Read your blog, kudos :) This is the only mobile game I ever played for 8 hours strait Good pick up and play game. Good fun. Not all that hard even on the hardest difficulty, but i can't fault it for that. Definitely a fantastic bargain. Wasn't for me Just won't work at all every  time I start the game up I get the white screen and have to turn my phone off, wasted money after reclaiming 30+ areas, then gameplay becomes repetitive and boring. Purchased and installed on onda vi40 running ics 4.0.3 keeps returning to main screen won't even load This is quite fun game for 20 mins. Then it gets boring because there is nothing new to do and you actually end up finishing the game. Not worth the money in my opinnion, should be free. On my 4th playthrough. easy to learn, hard to put down. Excellent work. Planned to download and give it a quick shot in the 15 minute window. 3 hours later I was still building and killing. Awesome time killer, and great for both sim and zombie fans. Great time management and role playing combo, as well. A couple minor glitches that don't affect gameplay. Very worth the $.99. Easy mode is ridiculously easy for a beginner, so the harder difficulties are worth the replay. Can't wait to see if the dev adds more content and building choices. Excellent concept  and great music! More please Needs an update Just shows a white screen.... Playing on Xperia PLAY  Please fix asap, many thanks I love the Rebuild flash game so I did not hesitate to buy this app. The game mechanics work very smoothly on my Droid Motorola RAZR. Well worth the money and it is actually based of the second version if anyone is wondering. Great game, easy to pick up. Mixes Civil 5 type strategy with zombie killin' This is a fun game....at first i didnt think it would be but after a while it really caught me.....has some freezing up problems but other than that good game Great game Nice flair Can get addicting. Not recommended for zombie culture addicts. Works well on acer A500 very good game A very addicting game that runs great on my phone. When ever I master a difficulty, there is always a challenge with the next one. Sometimes it skips over turns though. Brilliant app definately worth paying for, so addictive and always discovering new things on the game, congrats developer! Addictive fun. Worth every penny. Please make different levels with more research. A must buy. I couldnt put it down Thought, oh yer cheap what does it matter if its naff. Boy was i wrong. Several hours passed.. This game is great. Very good Great Little game, well worth the price. Arc s touch doesn't work can't get into game It kills a few hours n its fun but it gets repetitive other than that its good no glitches & it didn't crash my phone so I recommend it I didn't expect to fall in love with this game, but there it is. Resource management, zombie killing, truly turn-based...Rebuild has it all! Addictive.   I've played for at least ten hours so far. This game is addictive, and I find it to have great replay value.  I'm glad I can get it now for my tablet, I've been playing it on my PC. I have spent uncountable hours on rebuild and rebuild 2 on armor games and now I can go anywhere with it in my pocket is the greatest. Thank you Sarah Northway! nice little game, as people say wish it was a bit longer but deffinatly has replay value I very love this game rekomended banget. But this game often Force Closed in milestone, i play now on my dell Meh Played for two hours the first time I opened it. Highly addictive and entertaining, its  well worth a dollar! Definitely played way to much the night I got this!! Great game I love it Spend hours on this game. Totally addictive.  Don't start playing if you have somewhere important to be!  Not a hugely complex game, but challenging enough. Fun and addictive ... A few bugs though Amazing game, but freezes my desire every half hour, requiring a battery pull. Other than that, lots of fun. This game gives the best of both worlds. The insidious times of zombie death and the creation of a new world. I'm a big fan of turn based games; Rebuilt is a strategy game with a horrific twist. I don't pay for many apps but, this one is worth it. There are lots of surprises and just when I think I am doing well BAM zombies kill 3 of my characters. Good job developer! I loved the game, but it is beyond boring after completing it the first time.  needs more to do. Its an awesome zombie RPG type of game. Had many hours of fun with it. I just bought 'Rebuild' a few hours ago, and already beat it on the easiest setting, but I know that I'll enjoy playing again on a harder setting, and can go for one of the alternate endings next time. Try it you will love it Somewhat addictive turn based macro management strategy. Well worth the price. The best strategy games on Android awesum!! Does not work ics os tablet :'( Nice to finally see a decent strategy game on droid Awesome The game has a great concept, and is somewhat fun, but there is not enough variation to make multiple replays interesting, and the game does have some performance issues, such as lag and occasional crashing.  Once it crashed so bad that I was forced to uninstall\reinstall. I get "loading", then the "art by evil kris" screen, but nothing beyond that. Eventually it FCs. Great fun, hard to put down at first. Does get repetitive after a while though. Buy this game now. Seriously. It's an incredible mix of survival and resource management, all in a simple package that's very addictive. If you played the flash game, you'll love this! Would love to see this concept expanded with some first person shooting of enemies. Other than that i found it to be an interesting game. Fun to play and a good strategy type game. The only problem is once I start its hard to put down! Easy to get into, challenging at the higher levels. Nudity,prostitution, voilence,desperation, slavery, and cannibalism. Nicely wrote , reminds me of twd comic books Read some great reviews about this game and also read some about people having the game force close and getting stuck on a whitescreen.... Went ahead and bought the game and voila...im one of the unlucky ones!! Game opens up to an un-operable white screen...First game i've ever had problems with since i bought my phone years ago....this sucks! Would give 5 stars if the bug with the turret target selection got fixed. Other than that, its very fun. I thought there was going to be more interaction, but there's not much to this game. Needs to be more interesting. This should've been a free game. Great game!  Wish it was bigger...and even more detailed I found this game to be very interesting. Music is not the grestest, but the game play is pretty fun. Im still giving it a 5 due to how good the game play is. This game is asome  it is the best and all for 99¢ Loved the first few minutes then had a zombie attack and it froze making me remove the battery. Now I can't see what the words are on the options or anywhere else. So disappointed especially since I spent money -.- Way to simple and not very exciting to play wish I could get my money back Utterly immersive and brilliantly executed. Well done, bravo. Excellent! I've played about 2 hours & really enjoyed it. The game guides you well & the difficulty increases at a manageable pace. It does get difficult, but hasn't felt cheap. Very nice! plenty fun, although if you miss the tutorial it's somewhat obscure. Pretty fun for a buck A very simple to play game which is very addicting! Few more animations such as people doing things would be nice! Amazing game, worth buying for a small fee.  The premise though not new the game play for it is refreshing.  Hoping for new updates :D Great turn based survival game that focuses on the aftermath of a zombie outbreak. Why don't more games do this; it's the most interesting part! I rarely buy apps but I had to get this one based on the premise and it doesn't disappoint. The text are simply too small for any mobile, except galaxy note I guess Fun game just beat it to fast Good fun game worth the money Not bad. Won't open on Sony x10 Very addictive game a little bit of a learning curve but when u get it figured out u will be addicted This game is money!! Seriously...try it. Its 99 cents. Get a quarter from four friends and get this. Ok, its a bit short. But it offers multiple difficulty levels for some added replay value. The gameplay is simple yet deep and it runs great. Very well done sarah northway! Im a fan...and will support future efforts. i just got the game have not tried it yet but i would like it if the developer would post what there using the NETWORK COMMUNICATION permission for. i will be adding more about the game after i get some time to play it but please document the use of permission like internet sockets. [UPDATE] just got home and my iRulu 7" Android 4.0 OS Allwinner A10 tablet started downloading the app. it finished installing with no problems, but when i attempt to start the game all i get is a black screen at least it was only $0.99 i lost. wish the developer could fix this. my tablet is running android 4.03 and has no problems running anything else. This game is soo good they need to add apart after the apocalips Saved my life ay the DMV. A fun time. After you beat it once, there's not much incentive to move on and try other cities since every game is basically the same once you've beat it once. It would be nice if there was a story mode or a campaign mode where each stage or city could be different somehow. Love this game! I want another one already! Rebuild is a lot of fun the first couple of times through the game.  The replay value starts to wear thin after this.  I hope there is an update available at some point that adds a little more to the game.  I would definitely recommend the game if you are a fan of turn based strategy. Awesome game  runs smooth, variable gameplay options and well scaled difficulty this is a fantastic and addicting strategy game.  it is like sim city meets the zombie apocalypse.  I can't wait to see what updates this title has in the future! It will keep you playing for a long time, like any good turn-based strategy should. It's entertaining to try and get the different endings (found four of them for now) and challenge yourself on increased difficulties. The game play is fast-paced and exciting, which other similar games are still struggling to achieve. Couldn't put it down, well worth the price. I only wish it were longer! I've been looking for a zombie game for a while that concentrated on the survival side of things. This game is amazing! Love it want more Addictive..REALLY I'm so glad this game was ported to the phone! It's one of those gems that just strikes that perfect balance of different genres. I also love that she doesn't assume we're dumb. Just wish it was longer, like a campaign or some way to build on successes. Great game, highly addictive. Haven't put my tablet down since purchasing, great time waster. Would love some more variety in upgrades and buildings from town to town. Great game none the less. Hard to believe I could overcome my new addiction long enough to rate it 5 stars! OK, done, going back in... Good job developer! Absolutely genius, ridiculously addictive. This is a good game and it is only 99 cents but I found the cure and the fun of the game was over.  There was still way too much I didn't accomplish before I fnished the game. Gg No refund. wtf? One of the best mobile games I've played. Reminded me a bit about atom zombie smasher. Simple and addictive! Worth every cent and it's not a time management type! :D Very repetitive with no excitement. Good idea, just no 'zing' to it. Best game I've played on my Asus Prime yet. Really hope the developers decide to expand the game. Game is pretty stale after a few playthroughs. It's a very unique app. I personally haven't found anything like this on the market yet. The only problem is the repetition. Worth it at $.099, tho! Ok. A buck. I paid more for worse games. Impressively desinged RPG-ish game that will hook you and not let go. Expect to sync an hour or more into one playthrough depending on the map size and difficulty. A great alternative to the samey tower defense games out there, and a must have for apocalypse fans. Very fun and addicting. love it Addictive. So much fun Would love updates in the future to expand game and keep it fresh. But I absolutely loved this game!  Hp Touchpad CM9 ICS Don't want to sound to harsh great game but crashes my motorola xoom and turns it into a brick for five minutes! Very well thought out smartphone game. Immersive, addictive, fun, light and easy to put aside when distracted. Could benefit from a compaign mode with more objectives. Very fun and addicting it look dum at first but after playing it i cant put it down. time management meets zombie survival? awesome! the artwork is very unique and the different levels make it challenging. well worth the buck i spent on this. i hope you develop more games like this! very nice for a first time app!!! Only one story.  Takes a few hours to complete you can only do so much, then it gets REALLY boring! Won't install can't get my money back.. Its great at first, but theres no variety Awesome game! Really An addictive game at a great price. Shut up and them your money! Love it Not my thing....sorry Its that good I have already captured and secured more than 30 buildings.  Not sure what to do next... Hard to fault this game.. enjoyed everything about it and has lots of replay value. Definitely a keeper. Doesn't work Didn't work first time. Now it does the game is really addictive Interesting idea but in need of work. The gameplay seems pretty repetitive. The music is annoying coming from a phone speaker. Loads 1/10 attempts for me and sometimes locks my phone up. Blows internal storage up over 40mb. Will not load on a SD card install. Seems that from other comments the Desire has some trouble with this game. If you have this model phone, be warned. Best app I have on my phone. Haven't been able to put this game down since I installed it. Runs perfectly. Never played a game on my android that was this deep, and adult orianted, very entertaining Instructions useless (what instructions?), can't get past the first page as the system continuously crashes and forces close and that's even if it opens at all. Once there, dead slow to do anything, then it crashes. Not worth the reduced price!! Can't get refund:( Really enjoyed this! Great storyline.  A little short. Was expecting the town to branch.  Still super enjoyable! Sony xperia S Nice and addictive but too easy even on hard settings. This is very cool game.  I have a lot of fun with this game.  Look forward to Rebuild 2. I found it to be the same thing over and over, assign jobs, go to the next day, rinse/repeat. Nice little game. Captures your attention once you get the hang of it. Soundtrack is spot on. Great game Sara!  Thanks for bringing it to Android! Addicting Just like on the internet. Very happy to see it ported over to android and well ported at that. Would like to see new things added to it and expanded on. Easy 5 star Wish there were more maps Fun Waste of money. Seriously boring. Great Game!!! Works perfect in Samsung Galaxy Nexus with Android 4.0.2 Wish there was more to it Addictive and hard!  Annoying freezes on menu screen on my xoom, minor bugs when switching between characters and repetitive messages do not detract from a very good value game. I spent hours on this game and didn't even realize it. SOOOO FUN lots of fun. you need to buy this. Fun fun fun. Pretty good game. Great job guys. Hangs up on white screen after multiple installs and restarts. :( I was a fan of the Kongregate version of the game but now that i have it on my phone makes all the better.  Is worth the price.  This style of game is perfect for mobile phones and tablets.  I recommend this game to all. Amazing! It's kind of like simcity but with zombies AND SO ADDICTIVE Something to keep you occupied when at school It isntbworking and won't let me to refund... HTC sensa, please fix or refund me Great Game! Best ive bought in a long time Because i cant stop playing! Worth it for 99 cents! This game is phenomenal.  Terrific game play, engaging storylines, completely worth paying for and I feel somewhat ashamed I got it on sale.  I cannot wait to see what comes from this developer next. Loved it on pc and love it on my phone! Well worth buying! Seriously, I love this game. But, breezed through from one difficulty level to the next completing all endings each time.  Still, love this game! No end of replay value, funny, involving, from simple through to impossible difficulty settings.  Get this now. ASUS Transformer - Works Flawlessly Droid RAZR - Works Flawlessly  This game was a lot of fun, I enjoyed most everything about it.  It has  kept my attention for a few days and I keep wanting to play it again. I do suggest that you turn off the music though, it gets pretty annoying. Other than that, I can tell that it will get stagnant pretty soon, but I have definitely gotten my moneys worth. Good app fun game Very repetitive and dull. It doesn't stimulate my mind enough. Can't install D: played this game online and loved it I purchased it but doesn't wanna install Very few games are simple and addicting. This is the game you want to play when you have more than 5 minutes to play and you don't want to throw birds or make a pipeline for water. It's easily worth 10 x what it costs! This game is challenging, well made and offers multiple approaches for survival. Basically, the best one could play If you are having trouble installing, unmount SD and try again. Worked for me. Game is OK! Tactical and hilarious...very original Very simple premise that is made better by simple game play. That you're told you completely win a battle and then you find out your  guys got hurt or killed from it anyways... fix this please. Other than that this game is great Excellent game, well worth the price...where have my days gone?! A must download and look forward to more! Love zombies, interesting concept. Gave it a try.. well worth it. I thought id be done with it after the first playthrough like most other games, but even after beating it I couldn't put it down. Got me through a 12 hour road trip in what seemed like minutes. Only small issue is that with artwork as good as it has for some scenes, I was a little disappointed in the cartoon-y nature of the city itself. Easy to get over though This is one of the best games out on the market. Well done.  Lets you save games, but I can't put it down long enough. This game has taken many hours of my life.. Totally worth the $. 99 Probably one of the better games on android right now. Keep the updates coming, I can't get enough! Excellent turn-based strategy game.  Very enthralling. Haven't come across any bugs or difficulties after several hours of addictive play. You should deff get this one I can play this non stop, but after a while I feel so limited with my options and stuff to do add more features to the game thanks! Fabulous I really enjoyed this game; however, it could use a bit of variety.  I have gone though two levels and the gameplay the 2nd time around was identical to the first -- but well worth the money as it is!! Rooted kindle fire with updated 3.0 rom.  I never write game reviews. This game was so good I decided too. Enthralling. Literally played this game for hours! Great way to just blow some time! It's unique and just brilliant !! It's like SimCity meets a zombie apocalypse. Put down your $2 coffee and buy this game. Everything the flash game has and more. Well made for touch devices. Great, but over too quickly Fun game very addictive and challenging.  Definitely worth the checking out.  And you really can't beat the price. It's a fun game. It's super fun, after you read what everything does it's a breeze to plot and take over each city BEST strategy game period I used to play the browser flash version, great game, only bought it to support the creator.  :D The engine was good and kept me engaged but I was able to win all of the ways in one play through which made replaying no fun. Played on the internet and when I saw this on here I definitely had to have it!! Brilliant Great concept and well implemented, good practice for when the real thing happens! Gameplay is good, would be great to have more variety - not a huge amount of replayability after you've gone through the game twice but great fun those times and for 62p fully deserves 5 stars Constantly freezes on start up so can't play. Uninstalled. Doesn't load up on my HTC EVO. Is love to play it but just wasted a dollar on something that I can't play. Only problem is that it crashes my phone after about an hour of play...HTC Desire with cyanogenmod.  But worth it nonetheless. Very well made game looks like a fun game but wholly crud i dont think you could make the tutorial font any smaller! whats is up w that? - droid razr BORING GAME, NO CHALLENGE AND VERY BAD GRAPHICS This is by far the best game I have played on a cell phone. I only wish the game would be bigger and more complex Moar i tell you moar! If it hadn't been for the low battery warning popping up, I might not have noticed the time flying by for at least another couple of hours. Very impressive. Got this while it was on offer and am glad i did. Looks and plays well on a 7" screen. A few bugs here and there but over all a cracking game to waste a few hours over. Some cool ideas in there and some interesting plot lines with a few twists thrown in. Love it. Great for living out your zombie apocolypse fantasies. Fantastic little game - easily and fairly quickly completed but definitely replayable! Bought this because it looked good and has brilliant reviews. Took me a short while to get into and then I couldn't put it down. Spent 2 hours on it in my first sitting. FANTASTIC! A must get. Truly a breath of fresh air compared to other zombie-related games out there. Nice story.  Very addictive and lots of fun! Addicting Better than other city - themed games. Surprisingly long game play. Very well thought out. Sometimes in text font is too small. Only flaw is the game is much to short. Now I'm a mindless zombie, thanks a lot.... ;D Enough said. Best game I've played, definitely worth the money! Very well executed game. Smooth play and very absorbing. I lost hours in this! Well done! works great only suggestion as of yet is PREVENT PHONE FROM  SLEEPING and put a sleep option in the config settings. I always love rpg styled strategy games like this. This game scored in gameplay but could use more events and scenarios in order to give it a twist. Great game! Very addicting, and love the layout and graphics. Played this game on the computer and loved it then when I saw it on Android Market I had to get it. Great App! Love it. Great little time killer, been playing it all day! Only gripe is once you've figured out the correct sequences it's too easy e.g. explore, reclaim, horde alert, recall, defend, repeat. Needs a bit more 'zing' and perhaps a one touch recall all for defending. Hope we see more from this developer. This game is alot of fun,wish there were more like this. Oh and it works flawlessly on my sony tablet. Dave Very interesting. Great for killing time. Good work on this one. Kept me playing!! Great game. Kept me very enthralled for a few days. Don't regret the purchase at all. Really fun game loved it on the internet loved it on my phone just needs some more variation This game is a great buy. I would have paid double I get the idea but it is too boring to bother learning Do not get Couldn't put the game down! AMAZING! Brings me back to the old days when everything was turn based. I've only played one game so far but it's highly addictive and I look forward to my next game on a harder difficulty. The fact that the game is only 99 cents makes it a must buy game. Great game. Hope you can keep doing more! Cool game Well worth the money give it a go. Highly addictive and runs so smoothly on the galaxy s 2 Now, why is that?  And since I wasn't able to check the game immediately upon installing, I can't get my refund now.  FIX!!! Played 3 hours after install. And still playing. One of the most addictive games I've ever played on the android platform. Good game, but please increase font size, it's hard to read on phone screen. This game made a 6 hour coach journey a breeze Great idea, well executed. Not enough  variety to replay more than a couple times. Great potential for future enhancements, if the devs decide to do so. Can't... stop... playing... Brilliant! Great game Lame. Not worth $. No interaction. Only push button action. Sux. I've had a lot of fun playing. I've only played the first two difficulty levels but they're balanced well. Fun game. Stayed up way too late playing it a couple nights. Worth the small cost. No problems on samsung exhibit. Excellent time waster. Good balancing act on harder difficulties. Highly recommend. Great Game At first, I liked it. After an hour, I began hating it. After two hours (yes, I kept giving it a chance), I wanted back my money. The game became aggravating and annoying. A great sim game with a popular theme and a high replayability factor. Can't wait for an update or part 2 with more story and endings! Fun but buggy Installed but just get white screen when I try to open. Refund please! If you enjoy strategy and busting zombie skulls, this is the so for you.incredibly enjoyable, and doesn't drain my battery I only bought this game as it was on sale and i've been losing sleep for about 3 days from playing it Gets to loading screen and closes, please fix!!! Impressive game. just awesome Turn-based strategy game where you build up a following of survivors, train your population up to take back cities, block by block. Each surviver gains experience on multiple traits, such as zombie extermination or building. This helps you progress. The inclusion of multiple "endings" has kept me strapped to my phone since I bought it.  This game is amazing. I could spend hours on this and never get bored.  Sarah Northway you are a genius. This game is so addictive. I can't put it down ! It's hard to do work as I know its on my phone. It looks great and plays great. It's a simple game and that's why its so much fun. You can waste hours on it in a blink of an eye :) Love it ! Took awhile to get a hang of and cant really ready the words on tourtorial but other then that its super addicting .. Wish it lasted longer, that there was more variation and more to do. But even so, this is by far my favourite game on Android. It's fun, it's mature and it's not gimmicky and casual: it doen't treat you like an imbecile. Well done! I love this game but I'm having problems right now. Everytime I open it I just get a white screen ...turn based strategy survival game with a Walking Dead like theme - well worth the money! :o) Very fun Uncomplicated society rebuilding fun for your zombie-killin' kin. It's kind of like a grown up, grittier version of some of the kairo soft games! I love being able to run my own post apocalyptic town. Couldn't install on USB storage or sd card. I just installed other things therenow - why won't this install? Dhd Good ideas and execution, but very simple and easy even at high difficulty levels. I really enjoyed my first play through, there is not a lot of replay value. And so addictive. Time flies whilst you play, thoroughly interesting. Pity there isn't a tactical combat aspect, but otherwise quite good fun resource/stratergy Great Little time waster Works great on the droid bionic and you can pass some serious time with this! Many difficulty levels make it not too difficult and not too easy. just finished my first game and can't and unable to knock this game i don't buy games offten but so glad i did with this one it is hella good! ! ! ! ! Great fun game in the style of The Walking Dead. At this price its a must have. Hope however that the game gets more story arcs and gear as during a second play through it has become repetitive. Awsom3 to play while baked I love the way this game is made, awesome pastime! Lots of fun! Frequently freezes and crashes. Used to hang on a black screen and when it did work it would crash and render the whole phone useless so I had to remove the battery. Now it hangs on a white screen and it won't start. It also eats 17mb of valuable phone space which can sometimes double by increasing the cache mid game. Poor. This is an awesome game, but needs a campaign mode and new levels. If you have second thoughts on buying it, do not miss the sale. It's completely worth the price! Only wish it had more content! The game is fantastic but the app has dreadful freezing problems Latest update makes the game laggy. When moving around the map the game feels/acts laggy reduced frame rate. Best game I've ever bought! Rebuild is a very intriguing and unique game with oodles of replay value. Saw this on the list of 'Because We May' sale games, the premise seemed interesting (I'm often fantasizing about what I'd do in a zombie apocalypse scenario) and for 62p I thought it was worth a gamble.   I ended up spending the whole morning with my eyes glued to my screen! Very addictive gameplay, challenging at first although prioritise farms and hospitals and things go a lot smoother. It was just a hell of a lot of fun. More please! Well executed & easy to learn. Looking forward to additions and/or new games! Needs another chapter or side missions! Loved everything about it! A 2-hour train trip passed by in seconds while playing this. It is very fun, and I'd love to see bigger cities and more missions, gangs, and creepy complications for the poor survivors Love it !! I'm so happy this came on sale, been wanting to try for a long time and totally worth it. Fun strategy game. Its like playing the tv series. Addictive. Can't put it down. Well done, dev. 5 stars all the way, just discovered this game and its a ton of fun. I hope the developer keeps with the updates because there is a ton of potential here. I'm into day 17, and its brilliant.  Well worth the money, found out about it through the may sale.  Well written and great depth to it. Well worth the sale price, No other game like it on Android.  More please Thisis oneof my fave games on the android Easy to get into, interesting zombie themed battles and city management. Its good to see "apocalypse management" I enjoy running, expanding, and leading towns during the zombie apocalypse. Perhaps some more buildings, more events, more research, and more story would be awesome but it's still good what you've gotten thus far. Good job. Are you serious? I paid for something that I beat in the past hour? Just not my genre Truly impressive game design. Thanks! I would never have found this if it wasn't for the May sale. Buy now and support this dev! Text is hardly readable on even 4,3" SGS2 Thank you for developing this game.  It has a little bit of everything i like!  A story, characters, violence and discovery.  What is interesting is that there was just enough depth that maked me atually care if i lose a character.  This game even has moral issues and ethical choices!!!  More please.  I am awaiting your next game. Novel idea with great execution.  I hope that more story options get added cause those add to the fun (deciding whether to help the cult, mad scientist, etc.) Great game. Would be better if there were different buildings added and new survivor types as well. This game would be even better if a HD version was made and if it had an in-depth story. Strategic, challenging, and occasionally funny. A must buy. Couldn't put this game down till I beat it, then I had to go and beat it again with the other available endings! Good game but needs more. Primarily a campaign or story because after a single playthrough you've done everything this game has to offer. I bought it and tried to install three times. No luck. This game has major potential and it's addicting once you get a hang of how to manage your people and food. Keep up with updates would love to customize appearances of survivors So freakin fun Great diversion during meetings. The higher difficulties only make the random events that are terrible happen more often. The higher difficulty should be more about skill than hoping you don't have 5 guys die of dysentery in a single turn. Other than that I really do love this game, and when  I found out it was available on the phone I jumped at the chance. I have really enjoyed playing this game.  Its simple and works well on the Transformer Pad 300. You'll want to sit down to play for game for five minutes and will end up spending an hour Its a sim game. Better with unlocking items and gaining rewards. Its good. But once you figure out the order of what to do it pretty much repeats. What else do you need to persuade you to purchase this game? like everyone else is saying it just needs more to it more weapons more longer storys even if we have to pay extra Idk this game is awsome plz update with new stuff soon or make rebuild 2 useing the first one and make a copy and us it to get number 2 out faster It's a challenge but the second game I started it seems like no matter what all my survivors just die.  It's a very fun game though, I was sceptical because of the screenshots but it turned out to a very fun game. Great unique zombie game! Kinda different, I appreciate that. Not the best replayability, but sucked up a good day of my time. Fun game, Excellent Idea! With some game updates it could be the best game ever. Simple things like Josh suggested, more weapons, more characters. More buildings. Achievements. Highly addicting and has replay value! Has me playing for hours! That being said, please stop the app from restarting every time I switch to another app. Could be good, but very unbalanced choices Great game, love it. Updates would be nice though Epic game, gives zombies a good name The original on the PC rocks and now it's mobile on Android. How can you beat that? You can't--so, there! Fun game, easy to learn, hard to put down.  I'm having issues with the game dropping out to home screen at random though, and if it goes to screensaver due to inactivity, the game reload from scratch.  Otherwise the event system is creative and amusing.  Worth picking up. how unfair Great game - lots of depth and variety. I'd give this game 10 out of 5 stars if I could! I absolutely love it and it runs wonderfully on my Droid3. Great fun. Kept me amused for quite sometime. Runs fine. Lots to do and many different endings. Well worth a purchase. I didn't think I'd like the game based off the screenshots but it's surprisingly addictive. There will come a time when I'm sure it will just get repetitive, but I'm not putting my phone down until it does. One of the best Android games I have ever played. Prepare for this game to eat many hours away. Fans of simcity or civilization type games should give this a try. Great game, can't put it down. Still getting 5 stars besides the screensaver crash bug. Awesome game. Highly addictive and recommended. One of a kind. Addictive game, buy it Little annoying, keep running out of food, but at least this game doesn't try robbing you with in app buys - pat on the back to the developers!! Just one of the most addicting games out there. Loved the flash version, but this one is even better. Take a chance and buy this game.. Has me addicted, I'm on my second city now and loving it!!! Loved the game...just needs a few things:  -more weapons like sniper rifle, usable shotgun, pistols and chainsaws get boring   -accomplishments would be awsome, such as rewards that make you want to play the game on  harder. For example if you kill 1000000 zombies you should get an award called zombie killer and unlock secret charecters or weapons or even buildings.  The main programming is amazing with tons of potential...just needs more updates.  Also cinnimatics would make this game perfect. Would do well with high score tables, and allow resume into game rather than requiring load, but otherwise neat game. Fun game, runs smooth & not too bad on battery life. It closes the app when the screen saver comes on but isnt a big deal. Updates with new random events would be amazing well balanced, easy to learn. once u find the right difficulty it becomes a truly great game Great Really good game and a fantastic idea. Has had me gripped for many hours now. Haven't experienced any of the lag or crashing like some of the others have but has some bugs in it. Am a bit concerned about it getting a little repetitive after a while but will have to wait and see. Awesome game!! Haven't stopped playing since I got it. Three hours ago!! Just fix the random closing issue and I'll give 5 stars! It freezes the whole phone have to take battery out to freeze if HTC desire This game was amazingly thought out and was so well done.....until i found this game i thought kairosoft was the only company left making good android game......please make another game you did amazing on this Great game. Wish it didn't close when screen saver comes on. Great game. Turn based city builder against zombies. The later difficulties are very unforgiving. Disappointed Sarah has not made any more games. Its great to have something fresh like this. It runs great on my Xoom. I played this for a few hours, and had a good time. However, the scenario just repeated over and over. Fun the first few times, but needs a wider range of random events. Great game no issues can't win on very hard :/ Addicted Oh, what a great game. I heard about this game on Rebel FM podcast ep 136 and I decided to give it a try. So far it's living up to the hype. I've put around an hour into this and I haven't had any of the problems that other folks are talking about. Good times! So fun Awesome game played for 2 days straight without stopping, very addicting It's ok. But a town-building game that is not a Zynga-fueled cash-dumpster on android is unique. Viva la sim games! Been playin this since the first flash installement and was hoping for it to be ported to Android ever since i've first seen it - a truly great little game. Well worth it's price and more. Pretty cool I played this game on the PC. I'm glad it finally came out on the Droid! Fun game. Great story. Enjoyed playing. Surprisingly deep gameplay - and the story is well-done. Even on easy this game is super difficult. The previous games in the franchise are much better in all ways. Good fun, better graphics than earlier versions Another zombie game no one wanted or asked for. The game was too confusing in the very difficult to navigate Excellent strategy game . Stayed up all night fending of zombies and exploring now my gf is mad :p Best strategy game on mobile and great writing. This is definitely by far the most addicting game I have played on mobile. I enjoy the first one too. I want to play the second one if there is one but I couldn't find it I don't think. Anyways great game. I hope you guys will do more games like this. I would love for more content. Maybe a bigger game. More options. Somehow to carry over your crew into bigger story modes, or survival. Kinda like how it is but idk. It's almost perfect but needs even more replayability. Great game thanks devs!! This game is not for me. It's amazing ive played all of the rebuild games but this one stuck out because of mobile and to mention how smooth it runs. Unlike the other games where you have a couple endings but your only in a single town this brings flavor. The option to go turn based or real time is a real test of tactics. The plot is enjoyable. Wish there was even more been a fan since the first game gets better every single time I knew it I won't regret purchasing this! Keep up the good works, dev team. Whatever you folks doing right now, you folks know your stuff. Great game. Please add new recruitment scenarios & random scenarios for the next update Very enjoyable My number 1 game OMG Rebuild 3 is finally out!!! I played this game since the first opus rebuild and rebuild 2 and was so SAD cause I tought it was finished with the 2. But here it the third one. I'm so happy! This game is awesome Cool game, but I like a calm play through as do a lot of people. When on the easy setting you still get overwhelmed with zombie hordes. Back it up a little bit. If I wanted to struggle I'd choose a more difficult setting. Awesome game... Just what you'd expect from the Northways! Enjoyable pretty fun but not extremely different from the other 2. Obviously they added new events but the game play eventually gets a bit repetitive, it suffers the same flaws as the previous two. First time playing though can easily get you sucked in for days until you start noticing the same events reoccurring and the same situations reoccurring, which eventually will take you out of the immersion. Literally my favorite mobile game ever. I don't play a ton of mobile games, casual stuff doesn't appeal to me and freemium games are trash imo. There's some good paid games out there but nothing as good as Rebuild. You can play it turn based or time based, characters have different skills that level up and you can equip then with different items to change their starts if you choose. Random events add flavor and variety to playthroughs and can change how things are going. Like story characters. A fun strategy game you can play a few minutes or a few hours. Very frustrating game because the interface doesn't gel well with my old crappy phone. Trying to break up groups and move survivors is an exercise in patience every time, as the units spontaneously gather and break apart and don't do what I want repeatedly. Despite that, I have played a bit and the game itself is very promising. Maybe one day with a newer phone I will try it again, since I'm inclined to believe it is mostly the fault of my hardware. Besides that, love went into this. Great job. 10/10 ign A very well made turn-based strategy game that scratches that zombies itch in a way FPS or Hero Collectors just can't. Own both the mobile and Steam versions, so I can vouch fot its replayability. An awesome title and I wish there were more games like this. One of the better games but gets too easy as the game progresses. I love the rebuild series, the additions to 3 are great and I can't wait till they decide to do a 4 Great simulation strategy game set in the zombie apocalypse. Single player, no pvp. Addictive with a good story. Awesome game concept! Want rebuild 4! >< Love it give us the expansion already This game is amazing!!! So much depth and replayability! I play it for hours lol! I love that its offline! Can you make the deluxe content an iap? I dont use pc. I do all my gaming on my phone and would love to buy the deluxe content. Fun game Just amazing play it enjoy will def play over n over Fantastic! I still come back to this game over and over. Have it on other platforms as well! Awesome sequel! Just wish i could figure out the good ending Really nice game. The scroll controls can get a bit annoying but that's just how games work. Overall very good Great game! Game sucks..its the same thing over and over again. Dont waste your money like i did Boring Slow Game, don't waste your money Great game. But now cannot see achievements in google play I like this game but you can blow through the content pretty quickly. Great fun for a couple hours and that's about it. It's a good Rebuild 3 is a fantastic game that transforms anyone into a great leader. I don't like putting the game down to take a break because it is just so fun! I've redownloaded Rebuild 3 multiple times, even bought it again on my Samsung device since before this device I used Apple. I love this game, it's amazing! Love this game! I've replayed it dozens of times and its always fun and addicting. I wish I could give it a 4.5, cause honestly this game is great and doesn't deserve only 4 stars, but theres just one issue I have that prevents it from being 5 stars. So far, on my 3rd city, I've found that unless you get lucky with an event, if there's no lab, many buildings and research perks are completely locked off, meaning if you're just a little unlucky, you miss out on some really important benefits. Make the event or labs more common, and this game would be a 5 out of 5. Love the series! I'd lobe to see more as well ;) Finally be able to get a good (cure) end after playing and replaying for over 2 years. Really a enjoyable game and storyline. However, I could not logging to the Google Play to register my a achievements in the recent update, is there a solution to this? Cannot recommend this game enough. It would be worth 20 bucks, easily. Anyone who likes simulation games with RPG elements will not be let down. Awesome Aside from this being better than Rebuild (the previous version) it overheats my phone. This is the best game I've played in a long time , highly recommend, only wish the monkey blood veil was a little easier to get , and maybe be able to craft melee weapons like 2×4s . Not big weapons like guns cause that would defeat the purpose of scavenging and make big guns harder to find and bb guns or peashooters easier to find . 100% Game on PC, and was never tired of playing this. Personally loved exploring every choice and different outcomes. Still one of my favorite games of all time. So much replay value. Just an all around amazing game Just a great zombie defending, city expanding game. Cannot fault it, excellent! Solid but a grind. Ive been coming back to this game for like 4 years, would be god tier if it had online play Samsung A320: Once again Northway Games has set the bar high for strategy simulation games... Only critisism is when recruiting wants school when one already built, so gets sad. Needs more Advanced Skills earlier like Fearless Reclaim, Scrapper, Commander etc. Seems to have gotten harder I think but certainly makes you think. Love this game. Great game, love the story mode, starts out easy, but then really makes you sweat as you progress It's one of the best strategic games ever! Really love it! Best game ever, new updates are the best addition...increases difficulty but amazing game Its a good game hope thers a DLC if you finish the mission to add another mission all in all 10/10 Up there with the best of the best. Played Rebuild for years, then played Rebuild 3 in beta, and now I play this final version too. Love it. Good story mode, good music, good writing, lotsa fun. You might be skeptical at first because the game doesnt take off like most others. The story and content are well developed, along with the intricate ways you can shape your faction and survivors is unique and unlike any other zombie survival game to date. 10/10 would recommend. My favorite of this series was rebuild 2 it got me into the series. And I love this game I just wish there was a PC version. Challenging turn-based zombie apocalypse game. The original was good, so is this one. The learning curve (for me anyways) was slow, if you stick with it, it's worth it, pretty addicting time killer. One of my fav past times but doesn't have much replay ability after going through twice I keep coming back to this game. Really well done. Best than rebuild one and two, congratulations for the developers It's great I play it a lot I've played it on steam since it came out and I love how it's the exact same on mobile. I've pretty much mastered it at this point. Awesome game While there are many aspects of this game that still elude me, I've got to say I can't put it down. I'm taking my time on my initial play through, but if I expected an hour of enjoyment for every dollar spent this would be well worth many times what I paid for it. The best resource management game out there in the Play store. A great strategy game that is just hard enough that it can be completed even in impossible difficulty. Don't play it too much because i lose track of time.😅 Awesome strategy. Powerful brain teaser. Helped me keep sanity during the lockdown. Finished it several times, including impossible difficulty. Patient zero quest is sooooo difficult, without walkthrough I would never finish it - in fact didn't even started, only understood that I miss something important. It's a great game, the story line is awesome and brings a lot to the table. I loved rebuild 3 and hope they make another one, or another game with the same functions. I remember playing this game when I was a teenager back when it was a flash game. It was addicting then and i didnt think I'd ever get to relive how much I liked the game. But here we are. I'm about to beat the game but I can definitely see myself playing this for hours afterwards. Thanks for the memories <3 Top notch game The game is good overall, but it just gets repetetive, every level is basically the same just a different environment. Amazing 👌 By far the best value you could ever get for a game. Its perfectly done and the gameplay will last you for hours and hours. I seriously cant reccomend this game enough. Absolutely love it. Cant wait for your next game! Great game, wish it had a different ending Very fun game. I've been playing for a year or so. It would be nice if they added some dlc for much more added replayability. Great strategy game with personality to burn. I would have liked to customize my whole starting line up, not just the leader. Feels like a zombie movie - its dead good. Hits you hard when one of your team (or pet) dies. The actual good ending solutuon (one of the researches required) is a little too contrived and I had to wiki the solution... A+ game. Totally worth it, I played it non stop for a couple weeks. Great story. Thank you to the game creator, really enjoyed this. Helped me get through the pandemic ha ha. Corrupt save, game crashing Support email to developer ignored This game is a little hard but fun Definitely worth a look for all fans of different genres. I love the rebuild series, I use to play the first one on newgrounds online. This one definitely lives up to the first and second ones, though it is different in a lot of ways. It's got a nice storyline they've added too Good game wish it was free but what can you do right? Fun game TL;DR: buy it. I hate the artstyle and you should know I found at least 3 weird bugs during my playthrough but the game and the mechanics are so solid, so we'll crafted, so positively addicting and evolves so much from the previews flash games I played in highschool all those years back that none of the negatives really mattered. Moreover it's paid and that's good because I don't want to deal with convoluted monetization mechanics - too old for that. You want a great app game!? This is it! I played this game on newgrounds years ago when it first came out and i still play it now. Hands down simply an amazing game and worth the price of a coffee and then some! Would love to see some dlc for it one day. Hail northway games! Make an endless version! Its really good! Big improvement on the last two games and gave me a good nostalgia trip. I have loved and played this game for...forever. Since before I could play it on a phone. But i want a Rebuild 4. Pretty please? I'll donate to the effort. Worth it, use to play the desktop version of the first game years ago. The app was nostalgic but better. I'm having a lot of fun, I really enjoy the choices and freedom given to me. The score doesn't matter, just have fun!! Must buy for anyone who,enjoyed rebuild 1&2 :D Adorable! Love it. Game runs smoothly. Love the charm and the stories. Well worth the price. Love that you can play it completely OFFLINE. You can tell when a considerable amount of effort had been out into a game and this is one of them played all of these games and this one is good but in my opinion it's not as good as the others. While it does add more mechanics and things to do the artificial difficulty and difficulty spikes are painfully obvious and easy. For example in one of my games I started to get attacked by large hoards at least two a day, all I did was recruited some soldiers or payed for merc sweeps and ended killing 17 hoards with out feeling even slightly in danger. As to the older ones you see one and panic. Monkey blood is impossible 💚🦋 I like the last version. A little disappointed. It's fun. 😁 I hate the multiple ending though. 😭 It was good, the game had a nice storyline (the endgame made me reconsider an exorcism for my Avatar but the scares are ok) All in all, worth the pay. This game is a lot of fun, if your into staragety and turn based games (you dont ahve to play as turn base there is anouther one where it goes by like time) then youll like this! Your objective is to build citys in a zombie apocolpyse and you can allie factions or kill them, there is also a campaign. The game is really easy to learn also. I played this on pc with a amulotor and i thought it was way more fun then playing it on mobile . Great game! Hopefully you can add a multiplayer option or something to move the game forward! Love this game want a sequel to it and a multiplayer mode never glitches and is fun and builds mindfulness 5 stars. I'm not good enough and just play in easy. I like the turn based option and so far it's quite fun. I've enjoyed all games in this series and hope to see more! Would highly recommend! Love these kinds of RPG/RTS games and Rebuild pulled it off nicely! It's fun, but wat to challenging, even on easy, is just zombie wave after zombie wave and you cant do anything else. Love the game and finished 2x. Pity no expansions available. In the age of pay 2 win and grinding free games that lead nowhere this is something different. Old school, strategy game with a plot, story and replayability. 👍👍 great game no nonsense Good. But I wish it were easier to program mods, needs to be a page with codes on the main site. Stop and go button screwed this game rebuild 1 is better like this is 3.... I wish there's still a sequel to this game Fun gameplay, engaging story, mostly intuitive interface. My only quibble is that it occasionally gets a bit goofy for my liking, and the artwork is "lighter" than I may prefer. I love that there aren't pay to win microtransactions or nags, and I love that I can just pay for this game and get it. Well worth the money. Would love to see a sequel. We Worth figuring it out. The story is really good. Just finished it, and going to play again right away. Hoping for more from this team. Something Sasquatch related, keeping in the PNW feel. Love this game.. So addicting.. I completed it to quick tho... I need more games like this from u guys. Please! You guys are fantastic at making games... Amazing bio's for the characters and back stories. Noise Been playing this series since the beginning and love all 3. Really enjoy this game. Totally worth the 5$ to not deal with pay-to-play nonsense. Rebuild 2 was fun and this is a great upgrade in almost every way. I love the graphics and styling. Everything is ready to understand and the game is easy to play while retaining depth. Most Replayable Game I have! Great game! You'll probably need a walkthrough to get the good ending though. I love this game. Please add new stuff. Or i hope you're working on another new version. Great game worth every penny. I've already beat the game. I'll be waiting for the next one! Pls make Game like this but the theme is nuclear apocalypse I rarely write any review but this gem really deserves it. This game has everything you expect from a paid game. Truly an immersive gameplay experience. Can't wait until the dev release the rebuild 3. Its a decent game. What I like most about it is you get to actually purchase it and own it. There are very few decent games you can buy on the game store. Played rebuild 1/2 when I was a kid, always had a blast with them, just found out their was a third one out on here a week ago now (?) Been playing it whenever I have a free couple minutes, hours of fun just like the first two, keep up the good work! Awesome app people, keep up the awesome work people, you're welcome people! Love it been a fan for a year or so...not played that long Love the game, been eyeing it for a while and had stopped myself from buying it a couple times cause i was worried it would be some shallow browser-game-esk title. Been playing it over a couple days now and realized how wrong i was. Everything from character stories to 4X gameplay is top notch. Addicting and will likely get 20+ hours out of this Pretty fun, I like playing it now and then but it's hard to find it super replayable. The first few runs are super fun though. Wow amazing storytelling Too expensive Absolutely incredible game, worth the money 100% Incredible game, reminds me of when I was a kid playing flash games. I played the first game a really long time ago and I remembered how fun it was. I decided to look it up and then I found this game and had to play it. It's one of my top 3 favorite mobile games. A thrilling strategy survival and conquer game! I played this since the pc times and this was a great trip down memory lane. Super fun rpg turn game It's good It starts as a very interesting game, sadly it becomes boring rather quickly. I hate the character design, they look like some developers kid drew them. You just drag people to buildings and wait for something to happen, like kill zombies, scavenge, expand or recruit. But you just get messages on the top right corner of things that happen. I hate the sound that zombie make when they attack. There is no real gameplay, no strategy, just wait. Great game. Great game as always I have it on steam for PC but when is the deluxe version coming here Rebuild 3 is an awesome game, I've been playing game for about a month and a half I'm enjoying it, I'd say I basically experienced all this game as to offer and I kinda want more not sure on what exactly but great game 5 stars :). Great played on NG back in the day Fun game Love the game. Although the story is always the same. If you played too many times, it'll be easy. But still, I played it anyway. Love the game! Best rebuild yet! Amazing. I love the first two games and this is just beautiful Good story Really fun lots of replay value keep it up Addictive Fun game Love this game! I've played 100s of hours and it's still fun! Worth way more than 5 dollars. Outstanding game. I loved the earlier entries in the series and Deadsville is the best one yet. The game is fun for a round or two. The story elements drove me forward, but I didn't end up finishing it. The game is too repetitive. There aren't enough meaningful gameplay actions to stay engaged. The input controls disrupt immersion. love this game I like the gameplay; the diplomacy is fun. However, too much zombie mobs are spawned that it gets tedious and annoying. Alot of fun. A ton of replay ability. The only thing missing is the deluxe content, but otherwise this game is a perfect port. Great rts or turn-based game, phenomenal storylines, and great setting and custom game modes. It was good for passing time and the music was decent. Basically in this game you just rebuild against other factions or zombies. The character graphics seem goofy but the building was a eye catcher for me. In my opinion, if you like turn base games like the previous Rebuild series, watch other videos about it and it's up to you to decide. By the way, this app seem too pricey for me. $1.99 would be better! Awesome support team! Thank you! :D A great trequel to the rebuild series. I hope another rebuild game is made! Awesome game, keeps you immersed. It's a walking dead like survival strategy game. And it has no mobile pitfalls, freaking awesome! Been playing this for a long time i have actually got all the rebuilds and i love this game can you make a number 4 also im on this way to long my GF moans when im getting off it lol i tell her 5 mins but 5 mins turns into 5 hours only play at night lol good game keep it up. the game starts out incredibly good. sadly it becomes way too repetitive quick. dialogues are the same, quests all the same. choices in research matter little to not at all. diplomacy is nice but useless compared to simply running over everything. One of the best smartphone games I've ever played! No pay to win, good variety of events, and fun challenges. Have to click too many times. Very fun. Have spent countless hours playing over and over. I love the dark humor of the characters I have this game on my P.C and have played and supported this game when it was still in production years ago. Played all 3 now playing this one again. Far better then most of the grinding, pay to win games on play store. U pay once and thats it. And atleast u know the money goes to a small development team who need it. Been playing since the first installment and they just get better and better, one of the only apps that is genuinely fun, strategic, non idley, and not pay to win in any way, usually with apps I just play for 10 or 20 mins here or there but I can dump hours into this without stopping The scenarios are only fun at the beginning...they get easy and boring super fast. I've been coming back to this game for years on pc and now it's even more convenient on my phone :) one of my favorite games of all time! I really do enjoy the game alot So much fun! Love the features, especially the faction interaction. Love these games played all 3 enjoyed everyone I came over from the 1st rebuild. Was there a 2nd? I'm hoping for a 4th. Love this franchise! Great game. Spent hours on this, worth the time. Great game Epic. Start to finish. Please make a new one!! Great game. I liked rebuild, but this definitely takes it to another level. Different ways to do things gives it some good replay value also. Pretty fun game, but normalizing abortion in a game is disgusting (if you don't know what I'm talking about, you will). -1 Star on account of including your politics in the game. One of my favorite games of all time. Every game you guys put out is such a fun adventure :) more please! First Rebuild was funny, interesting and intuitive. This one is not. i bought this game on pc, i am a huge fan of the series, i would recommend this game for anyone who enjoys turn based strat games. its a great mix of survival and strat. I loved this game... Wish there were more like it. Awesome game! Played the first one alot years ago. This one is just as fun! I've been waiting for a long time to play this game since I saw YouTuber played it and I got interesting this game and I got to say it was fantastic and worth the time to play the game. Fun game Great game when is the 4th one coming out lol? Love it, perfect game of its kind, worth the buy Rebuild 3 is among some of the best gameplay in a mobile game as ive ever had it beats the original by having more activities and situations that you have to overcome ill never forget when this came out i bought it day one and never stopped playing it since. Thank you devs! Boring I remember playing Rebuild and Rebuild 2 a long time ago on Kongregate. I was alerted to this game quite a while ago (last year or 2 years ago maybe) and being a massive fan of its previous installations, I HAD to get this game. I don't write reviews but I had to for this one. I love it, it's a great game, easy to play, easy controls. Get it! Superb mix of turn based gaming and story. So very difficult to get to the perfect ending, but worth playing through a few times to get there. One of my favorite Android games. Best rebuild game yet! it is a pretty fun game Good game. Questionable price didn't get a chance to play it as it looks like the problem with Android phones still exists :/ please make another one. this is one of the best mobile games there is. I wish other mobile games could follow the example like this game created. Amazing game. having an issue where the screen is cutoff by 90% on my s10+. i expect a refund. awesome game, excellent replay value. more please! Great game! Hope you make another! with the new Galaxy Note 9 update, the screen is cutoff and only 10% viewable. why the ads i paid for it 😡 Great game. More depth then there appears at first. Have been playing on and off for a few years now, well worth the price. Can get stale after a while but it's always fun again after an extended break. love this game I've played it for a long time. if you haven't played it you should. however for us longtimers, we need a new game or some cool updates. love this game Rebuild 3 suffers from the same problem as the first one. It is simply not working on my Galaxy S10. The game window is showing only a tiny part of the game, the rest is black. I will have to refund until the game is playable. clever concept really funny and addictive. Can't even see the main menu when I try to start it Fantastic game. A must buy on on any phone for a gamer. legendary i bought this game a few years ago and now I cant download it anymore. I was a huge fan of the 1st and 2nd rebuild and poured plenty of hours into each game so when I saw this game I jumped for it right away, but after pouring more than 12 HOURS into the campaign I can say I am less than impressed. The biggest selling point for this game is the new faction system and semi-storymode and both become very boring and repetitive fast. You will very quickly see every random event and do everything with the only incentive to keep playing being a very lackluster ending. It's good until you realise how much of a grind defeating gangs will be. Vastly prefer the first rebuild love this game! my only request is that you release a Rebuild 4! Great game, Fun me killer and good Zombie theme. Would like more options during game play. one of the most addicting games ive ever played. i played the first Rebuild years ago i remember that game was verry fun 2 my favorite of the 3 this is example for creators what a perfect zombie apocalypse game should be like Great game, the story if definitely worth replaying, especialy since i missed some information on the cure in the endgame. it was really fun but I wish there were several chapters to the campaign (I already finished the campaign) The game looks great.But there is not much depth and the game at times feels off. honestly it was boring. Can connect niw to Google Play for achievements, thanks :) great game. great time killer worth the few bucks played the first one and enjoyed it so seen this one so I bought it. much better than the original. interesting random events and character development Very good better than the other 2 and they were perfect. Love the strategy but needs more updates. It would be more fun if once you allied with a group and went to war with another group. your allied group would actually fight them aswell. unforgiving difficulty,  colorful factions and unearthing hidden secrets kept me hooked for hours .  rebuild 3 is a hidden gem that gives some life to the already massive library of zombie games. best game ever bought..been playing for 3 yrs Favorite game Endless love I have been playing this game for years its just such a great timesink for me, I love everything about this game from the various gangs to the heart pounding zombie attack! I keep coming back to this game and ill keep coming back to this game for a long time! great game. What happened with rebuild 2? very nice. Hypnotisant. Je n'ai pas vu le temps passé.  Beaucoup de contenu, 20 heures+ pour le compléter. Plusieurs fins possibles. Ne pas hésiter à augmenter la difficulté un peu, ça rend le jeu plus excitant. fun storyline, lots of options. great game.love it Rebuild 3 is a strategy and resource management game that tasks you with rebuilding towns in the wake of the zombie apocalypse. You have to scavenge the ruins for supplies, grow your own food, and house and care for your survivors. Rebuild 3 adds deeper faction interactions as other groups vie for power in the ruins of civilization. Definitely an enjoyable strategy game with a good amount of depth. 👍 Awesome game. No microtransactions so you can actually enjoy the game and progress without spending money and feeling like you're cheating. This is how all games should be. It's very challenging and you get a feeling of accomplishment when your city starts doing well. The story mode is good and stops the game from feeling repetitive. You could get a lot of hours out of this game for a very reasonable price. It's also Canadian! 🇨🇦 Would definitely reccomend! 10/10 I remember playing rebuild on one of the old flash game sites, I love where it has come from and built too. I pick it up and can't leave it alone. I played rebuild 2 (a lot), and the improvements in overall game play, strategy, etc. are all such great steps forward. Love the faction system, the research tree, story mode, and all of it! LOVE LOVE LOVE. Fans of the series will NOT be disappointed! its a fun game helps me deul with stress A rare breed of zombie and city management game done well meh. the free ones are better. Great game, worth playing, hoping for more updates and other games you will make in the future. Kudos to the developers, writers, and everyone who made this game. Worth every penny !!! make 20 more. always supporrted /loved this game Totally worth the price... how to use debug mode? I don't know how to open it Awesome! it's fun to play I love quick play and the campaign Entertaining game that has replayable value. I love the mechanics and the style. Great storyline and choices. beautiful just beautiful. but is it possible to make medkits or medicines craftable in the workshop? It was overall a really cool game my main problem is the modding section of the menu i've looked and cant find anything but mods for pc i really was looking forward to seeing what mods I could get but the answer was none it bugs me really bad that it says you can mod the game and then when you try to theres not a single one i want more of this game like.. new skills or new enemies and more..... I have one reason and one reason only for this not being 5 stars. Im on the 4th or 5th city of story and for some reason, I have a repeat faction. Not only that, but said faction doesn't even remember me. Besides that being said, its fun, I like it. A lot. And I don't say that often. Im not done playing yet, so I will end up editing this review later, for better or for worse (I really hope for better, I love this game series). Excellent game. You can adjust and control the difficulty level and speed (I personally prefer turn based instead of real time strategy games, and this game offers both options). Story is intriguing, dialogues are believable although not mandatory to read. 5+ hours so far and I'm only on the 3rd map. Buy it now. would give it 5 stars but it only shows a portion of the game on the screen any chance of a playstation port? I'd buy it straight away. Love this series, new features are great. very cool zurvival game, unique and entertaining. This game is fantastic. original game was great and they reall improved upon that. wish i didnt wait so long to grab it. Awesome and well rounded game! a lot of playability packed into this little game. im liking the building I really enjoy this version. the factions are a nice addition from previous installments. Really loved the storyline.Sincerely hope rebuild 4 would be possible. not as good as the first. great better than it ever has been. Although I did t like that I had to pay 5$ to play it but after a few years I finally gave in. Its fun and interesting love jesse and the rotten and theres alot of interesting ideas in this Bravo! was good on s8 plus. got s10 plus now and its not optimized for it. please fix. thank you It's pretty good, but my only critisism is that some of the characters look weird, and it would be better if you could convince factions to join you. not optimized for galaxy s10 yet. Great game I love Rebuild! I have played them all, and Rebuild 3 is well worth the money! This is a turn-based zombie game where reclaim a city lot by lot. You send people out to clear zombies, gather supplies, claim lots, research, scout, recruit, etc. You have to balance the people with your food/housing. It is similar to Rebuild 2, but it is a campaign and the gangs play a pivotal part. I've been playing the Rebuild series since it came out and I keep coming back. The app works well. Highly addictive, super fun game great Great game with, with good mechanics. However maps become boring after some time, I think it would be good it has more building types and fight dynamics. 3star because a big bug for premium game, I lost 3 city progress because I reinstalled the game... Good game, definitely worth the price tag. I like the strategy behind dealing with Gangs and micromanaging survivors. I would often find myself trying to expand as fast as possible to cut off other gangs from expanding. First 2 difficulties are easy, I recommend playing on the 3rd if you dont want to just breeze through the game, otherwise its easy to get an abundance of resources and you will nearly never lose survivors. If not for gangs the game would be dry and repititive by the 3rd city. good for 5.00 I loved rebuild 2, and this is good, but the problem is all of the missions are 'ally or elimate the factions' which is extremely boring and grindy A great resource management and strategy game, easy to spend hours expanding your territory here. I got it for free, so that helps, but the game is fun. I've sunk a bunch of hours into playing, so I consider it a worthwhile investment! Best Game I enjoy to play.💯 it's the zombie survival game I didn't know I needed. smooth and fun game play as well as interesting skills and decisions make for great replayability. my only wish was for more customization of your survivors and overall society. always a great game and very addictive Great depth, great strategy, great replayabilty. Love it. why can i not get monkey blood? ive tried and tried... but when i search the motel nothing happens gets old fast Pretty much all i can say. Loved rebuild 2. This one just feels annoying to play and too many zombie herds. Plus def needs better way of organizing survivors. Would not purchase again if i had the choice back. Great storyline, really nice interface, really like the character development as well. Update 2019. Still playing this 3 years later, wish i could give it more stars Waste of money for me personally. Didn't like it. Not worth $5-$6 Been a fan of the series since the original. A nice port to mobile and an engaging and unique experience. The time vs. turn based progression took some time to get used to but now I appreciate the mechanic and the sense of urgency it can generate. The quirks and events during the game as well as the stories of individual survivors give the game a lore and depth I appreciate. A model of a unique mobile experience. Thanks and well done. The recent updates make the game much better than the initial release superb game, one of my top 10 strategy If this is your kind of game, then you, like me, will love it. best game ive played in a while i have always love this game and all the other ones great game. i want more This is one of my favourite games. Engaging, complex, and fun to play. Can't recommend it highly enough to fans of strategy, basebuilding, or defense games. A classic zombie game, and a must play. I bought the deluxe version on Steam, and Iwish I could get the deluxe version on Android without double dipping. Would pay 5 dollars for a DLC upgrade, it would certainly be worth it. no matter how many times I play and delete this app I always come back to it. I never get tired of it, its constantly changing and its absolutely wonderful. wish they would come out with a 4th one though. they would have me hooked in a heartbeat. 5/5 and 10/10. recommend to all of my friends Great game, lots of fun! So far loving it. Love it. Absolutely addicted. I played the first 2 games on pc when I was little and they were amazing. The third was a worthy expansion of the first 2 building a thicker story and more concepts that really keep the game flowing. It fun through each and every part of the game, it can be very challenging to very easy, and played several different ways. The game also gets very personal and ends in a very satisfying manner. one word. brilliant. great game, cant wait to see what you guys will make next i've been a fan of the rebuild series for a while now and this one doesn't disappoint. simple and easy to get into. a great way to pass time. Better than the first. Haven't had any issues. Game runs smooth, story is well developed. Great job! Fun and engaging game with good depth and story. I regularly get sucked in for hours. Fun game with no ads or in app purchases which is refreshing. Has quite a bit of replay value. having issues, when i reopen the closed app and start playing half of the Screen HUD is missing and most of the stuff is just blank, very frustrating when you BUY a game and it has issues like this its pretty good, story could use work but it isnt about the story Really good! Played the original as a kid and was hooked, I still haven't played a game like them. Its a really unique experience thats stuck with me and I look forward to more. Great game! Plays as well on the phone as in the computer. I find myself always reclaiming "just one more" building. Holds your attention like Civ. nothing to complain about great game super addicting. its a stragety survival game with upgrades, building, great game play, and story line. worth the 5 dollars Real fun, good depth and replayability I loved the game until i got stuck on a map with no Lab. That ruined it for me. Without a lab the game is basically unplayable. That system definitely needs to be changed because for me that brought it from 5 stars to 1. Better then the original. Improved on all accounts. Has good stories and can be played agian. This game was so much fun that when I got it it actually caused me to stop playing another game I was addicted to because whenever I saw this game I just couldn't stop playing it. I love the storyline this game is so awesome I just love it It was c Love the rebuild games! I've loved this game and played it many times. However, on my new moto z3 it will not progress to the next city in story mode because it fails to login to Google play games. I LOVE this game the only problem is your just playing it over and over again you already know what is gonna happen after playing It in 2 days I love this game series! Love this game, so happy I finally bought it, played 1 and 2 to death now I'm going to play this one to death I played this game since I was young and this is a perfect follow up I love this game can't stop playing This is honestly the best game on the Android market and I hope they make another one. Before this game, rebuild the original was the best. Everything from the controls, graphics, strategy, gameplay, etc... Is easily 6 out of 5 stars. I'm about 7 hours into the game and no where near complete. The replayability of this game is enormous. Better than most console video games, no joke. And how they upgraded the story line from the original is amazing and it added so much depth to the game. Also, the scoring system after each level completion is another reason to replay and do better or at a harder level. Well done northway games and all collaborators. Keep up the hard work and keep the works of art like rebulid 3 coming. Thank you! P.s. what happened to rebuild 2? Was it ever a thing? I've been a fan since the original rebuild and don't recall seeing it in the market. One of the best games on Android!!! Gameplay is awkward. Nowhere near as fun as the first game. Too many added elements that make the game annoying to play. Such a fun game!! Mrs Northway, you did a superb job. A game I can play for hours! Love AI as well. This game feels like Sim City with zombies. Such an amazing strategy game, hours and hours of replayability, worth every penny. Can't wait for the next installment. Any plans for releasing this series on console? Best one Really enjoyed the tackle and strategic style of this game. And of course loved that my characters could be customized (always good when I can have Black and women characters). Very very addictive I changed my score to 5 stars, from 3 stars. Good game. Well done. Extremely fun This is such a spectacular game. I have enjoyed hours and hours of fun. The gameplay is just amazing. The flow of time is customisable and allows one to operate at high gear, or more methodical. In the time I've player, I can't think of any problems. All I can say is that it is great work to be proud of and I eagerly await a sequel with more factions and more internal events for survivors. I remember playing the first iteration of this series a while back, 10 years? A bit less? Something like that, it was on browser, the gameplay was good and addictive and the music was captivating. I looked up who were the devs, there were barely any info but It was this one person who worked alone, and I thought well damn good job. I always hoped that the series would go on or that I'd see more games alike. I was really glad to see rebuild 2 on mobile because let's face it, the turn based gameplay suits the platform really well and it's an excellent game. And now rebuild 3 really cool new direction for the graphics and great and improved game. Thanks for the good times. Ps: you totally put your faces in the character custom skins. I liked pretty much everything about Rebuild 2 better. But I'm going to try to adjust. Id say the art and ominous music from #2 was most alluring. But it's been about a year since I stopped playing but I'm about to play it some more I really liked the game. Kinda hoping for another one. Awesome game, I've been waiting for #3 since I played the first version on PC Graphics are great, controls very responsive. Gameplay is fun but the longer and bigger maps get a bit repititive because there is nothing new happening after a while. Also i wish we could built electricity, water and a firestation.maybe with a special condition like having a lvl 20+ builder? This is one of my absolute favorite mobile games. Quirky. Addictive. Hours of play. Tons of replay value. Easily the best mobile game I've got installed. It's not even a mobile game - it's just a full game that's seamlessly ported. Love It! Love the rebuild series! Highly recommend! A good story, management style game. Leagues ahead of many others. One of the best strategy games on Android. Fun, compelling, and  entertaining. Great game hope they keep it up This game and its predecessors were fantastic! I really hope there will be  more installments AMAZING. One of the best games I've ever played on my phone and I love it  and its worth buying Absolutely awesome game. Have played since Rebuild 1 and it just gets  better and better! Awesome game please make a rebuild 4 Such a good 4X for your mobile phone. Got so addicted that I played for 2  hours straight. The one thing that bugs me is how some of the UI is too  small on a smaller screen. Other than that I highly recommend it. Great little game, good story, easy to place characters, and many tech  items to explore. Really enjoy playing. For me, Rebuild 3 means endless replayability. Over and over again I can  run through the campaign or do a quick play. There's so much to this game.  It's mobile gaming nearly perfected. I say nearly because there's still  room for improvement. What about finding a map? Sometimes I wish I didn't  have to scout the whole map. And I always turn the visitors away because  they always steal fuel or medicine. There's 200,000 words in the game, but  Rebuild 4 should have a dedicated writer. The events are pretty  predictable. The buildings also have unlimited possibilities. It's cool  there's the water tower, the ware house, the pig farm etc, but I feel like  so much more could be done with the sub way or Forest. There's also the two  issues I run into. If you're not near a lab or a huge farm, you're  basically screwed. The major issue is that the challenging difficutly is  near impossible whereas the normal mode is fairly easy. I wish there was an  inbetween. I can't seem to gain a foothold on challenging. All in all it's  still a five star game. I can't wait for the sequel to see what Sarah comes  up with. I love this game. The strategy involved in this game is great. The rpg  factor is awesome if you're into zombies Great game. Addictive. Totally worth the price. I think it's pretty fun. Very much like the flash game rebuild 2, but  improved, more complex, and mobile. This game is a loose take on rebuilding your settlement during zombie  outbreak but... You have take the land back first. It is a third game in  the series and I loved first installment back on Kongregate. Your game  starts with just a bunch of survivors that can do one of 6 tasks each:  scavenging which you rely on early on, building which helps your settlement  to grow, engineering to research 'technologies', defense to kick ass and  chew bubblegum and of course leadership, needed for interactions with other  factions or survivors. Game has a classic storyline of moving from place to  place rebuilding society as we knew it but each map is different and has  its share of challenges. Game plays in real-time with active pause which  gives you time to manage survivors and tasks. Your settlement has various  problems to overcome from internal conflicts to random raids and  encounters. Game offers very pleasant experience as well as gives you that  old school feeling that once you've paid for game that is it. No ads no  interruptions. I recommend it. Love it!!!! I've played this game since it came out and I'm still playing it to this  day. I've always been a big fan of turn-based rpg's and zombies,so I think  this a really unique and fun way of incorporating all those factors into  one fantastic game! Well done! I will continue to play this and I look  forward to future projects!👍 Awesome game. Hours of fun. Very in depth. Took a second to get used to. Well worth the investment. Been playing since  the original. Always loved the concept. It's a good game, wouldn't say fantastic as it gets extremely repetetive  early on. Just have a couple of people getting food, one chopping wood, one  making ammo and two teams of soldiers and scavengers just basically killing  zombies, scavenging and rebuilding. After that u can't go wrong in any  level,i flew through it in about a week and that's playing on and off. A  good game though, well done devs One of the rare games I keep and replay. This is great! I first played this game on PC and I loved it there, and so  far I've not seen anything different or disappointing about this version.  Really with the cheaper price and portability I'd recommend for anyone to  get the mobile version. Awesome, well-developed game. Even after you've finished story mode, quick  play is still fun to play. I can play this for hours. Great mobile game out of the not many out there, if you like zombies, this  is a game for you. VeryNiceuh. Well I use to love this game until I make a new character and every time I  beat the first mission it just sends me back to the main menu which really  sucks cuz I want to keep playing this game and I paid money for it but now  I can't play it anymore don't get me wrong I love this game but if there's  any way they could fix it and let me move past the first level that'd be  great This is the best app game ive ever played. Most app games leave me feeling  unsatisfied, and often forgetting about it a day or two after installing  it. But this one had me planning ahead as soon as i put it down, and  feeling engrossed the whole time. Great game. I just realised I hadn't given it a review, although I  preordered it very early in developement. I liked the graphics style and  the interface of the predecessor (which is the second game in the series on  PC) much more, but they are still ok. As they both are, there is nothing  quite like them on the google play store, so they're also quite unique.  Great job. long lasting game worth playing 🤙🏼 Nice game overall Was pretty good up until the last level, which is stupidly difficult even  on the easiest difficulty. Really disappointing Perfect game Poor interface and lacks depth Addicting game, I can't stop wasting time on it. Unique and the best blend of RPG, survival and zombie genres I've ever had  the privilege to play. I only hope there will be a Rebuild 4. Fantastic  game, and if you haven't played it, do so. Now. Game is awesome. Had it for several years. Still love it. Just realized I  never rated it. When I first downloaded it, I had issues getting it to  start. The games creator was prompt and pilot and within a day the game was  fixed and haven't had issues since. This game has outlasted all my phones.  Can't sing the praises enough. Balanced, interesting, simple enough to  learn, difficult to master. Buy this game. Seriously Yes Good survivor management game with a fair amount of dialogue options that  make the game interesting from one stage to the next. Hey I think I got a Easter egg, when you play the game a zombie in full  detail will pop up on your screen, or it means that they are coming fast  and hard don't know yet Devs did a fantastic job with this game. Bravo The gameplay is great. I love the concept and the art is beautiful. The  only thing that needs fixing is the slider on the trade screen. It takes a  lot of tries to touch a specific amount of goods to trade and the cursor  keeps picking another value near what I'm trying to select. Very interesting! Just wish I could change what faction I controlled. Absolutely worth the money. The game itself is really good and has alot of  replay value Large font mode is a joke. Fun Wicked game. Haven't finished my first play through yet ...but after the  1st...great. although. You could use a better system for employing each  person per turn... Absolutely loved the whole series. One of the few flash games that had  repeatability for me. Rating says it Great 4x type game for mobile. Well its a great experience playing this game.... Dev its been a while when  the 4 will be there Great game for killing time An extremely entertaining game with a reasonable price. Most other games  are just shameless cash grabs, whereas Rebuild 3 is a flawless game with an  interesting story. The game also has no ads or micro transactions yet has  hours of unique content in the story mode. I highly recommend downloading  this game. You will not be dissapointed. Fun game 以經營、模擬類遊戲計，算係云云Android App中最出色，有大量隱藏元素，微妙既選擇對故事產生變化，令遊戲不斷發展落去 I thibk this game is ok...but I want my refund back. Even though this is a  game that i loved from Rebuils 1 and 2,this game doesnt fit me at all,and  it glitched on me alot. Updates are always nice unless its one of those bad updates that make the  game experience more complicated and unpleasant Slow and repetitive but it's got its own charm and is a fun series in all I am continually disappointed by mobile 4X. I buy them, hoping for depth  and replayability, and then uninstall them. This one goes in the glass  case. Can there be more depth? Yes. Is it a grind? Kind of. Still the best  of what's out there! Looking forward to the next installment! A gold standard for mobile gaming. Having all but given up on mobile gaming  due to a zombie-like hoard of manipulative f2p content-devoid shlock, I  decided to give it one last go and really dig into the store. Amazing games  like this one gives me hope. It's a pity how much sludge one needs to tread  though to find gems like this. Devs like this deserve our support. Awesome I liked all of them including this but would to to see a bigger variety of  building use and bonus as well as mission involvement.I love the character  development expasion. which adds to the knowing the charcters personally  and beneficail traights. One of my favorite games Really cool game, can't wait for #4!! Great time sink with massive replay value. I have happily spent hours on  this. Great game just wish the game got a bit harder farther down the campaign. Great game even better than the original which is also a 5 star attraction Incredibly boring. I played the first Rebuild on PC and I fell in love with it. I found the third one on the Play Store and was a little discouraged that it cost money. But I payed the price and instantly become addicted to it. Love the game despite the few bugs it has. All around great game...countless possibilities of entertainment... It's quite repetitive after a while, but I can't stop playing for hours. Great game Great port Fan since the first one, keep up the good work! Remembering the good ol' flash days with this classic strategy game. Nice replay value. Hope for more contents though Can lose track of time very easily once you get invested. Nice graphics, mechanics, and gameplay. Don't try rushing every play through because you will glance over the helpful and unique game mechanics that add to the interest level. Best game zombie ever Best zombie survival sim on mobile. Addicting! Started playing on armor games back in 2010 on the computer in middle school. Now i have it on my phone to pass time. Gg It's great I played the first Rebuild game, still playing it, and Rebuild 3 has so much more storyline and character stories. If you like the first one, go buy this game. If you're new to Rebuild, go buy this game coz it's fun and it tests your strategy skills. Quality RTS base-building and decisionmaking. Great game, very few bugs. The game description is somewhat misleading. It's more of a mix between the Sims, a dressup game and advertisement for extremist political agendas present in the US. There is no tactical or strategic element involved, you simply keep getting rewarded for being "nice" until it's over. Still good enough to kill some time, but why anyone would call this best game ever eludes me. Played the first and second growing up on kongregrate challenging my friends to survive harder difficulties glad to see this revamped and keeping to original and classic events to keep things flowing. I don't have much credibility but it is a great game I spend days on end playing and still had more to do. Amazing game. Played the original years ago and this one is even better. Worth every penny. Love it Hesitant to spend $5 to blow some time but I don't regret it at all!  An actual game.  No 'energy' to run out of, social connections to wait for, our notifications filling my phone.  Play the game when you want, for how long you want.  Very entertaining. Please refund this game. Some how this game was mysteriously purchased through my account through another device. From Rebuild to Rebuild 3, my attention has never been dropped!  Amazing! Love it! Great time killer. Waiting for deluxe edition A really great game. Didn't realize how immersed I was in the game. Thumbs up, developer and the brain of this game. Fantastic game guys Good game with very disappointing ending. You can *only* get the good ending by looking up the ridiculously particular requirements. Controls a touch difficult on a phone, trying to select a quantity whilst trading is an exercise in frustration. Overall though, fun and with a campaign makes it more interesting than many similar offerings. Brings back memories This game is...super addicting. Great for passing the time, looking at the time during a game and realising it has been several hours Somewhere along the line u will be like hey this game is easy... Change the difficulty to Impossible and then u can really experience the game. Great game.  Perfect level of strategy and challenge. Seldom,  (Master of Orion,  Ufo Enemy Unknown,  Civilization,, etc.)  truly inspired games are created  which touch the baseline of gaming perfection.  They are intuitive in play,  and engrossing over time.  This is such a game,  and even if from humble beginnings, I believe that this game will establish itself among these giants of the gaming world.  I am happy I was part of the gaming community that gets to experience this gem as it matures into a legend. Great game for 5 bucks have had no problems thus far. I googled base building zombie game and this right here delivered An all around awesome game Sweet!!! Really hard to combat unhappiness no matter what people are always going through unhappy events while there are very few happy ones Deep game play. We'll done. Great time killer but get boring quick. This is one of the games that I never uninstall because I know I'll always come back to it. Worth every penny! Great game, you think youre gonna get tired of it but they bring in new factions and new interactions, but it would be nice to not be swarmed by zombies all of the time and have time to research stuff earlier in the game instead of rushing tiles and soldiers, great game overall This a beautiful marriage of SimCity and zombies. Absolute garbage One of my favorites. Northway put out a gem here! This is one of the best mobile games you can spend your money on. Updates have improved the game significantly since release. No stupid in game app purchases or pay to win format. Too much political social justice trash in this game. Feminists, transgenders, homosexuals, evil Christians, gay marriage, empowered women, the main character enjoys being dominated in bed by women... etc. I feel like I spent my time playing a social concerns simulator instead of a zombie survival game. It's obvious the creator is a strong liberal, as nearly every conservative choice given to the player has bad outcomes, while the liberal choices have benefits. If you don't play this game like an SJW would, it will be sure to let you know you're a backwards individual clinging to an oppressive way of life. The original Rebuild was nothing like this, it was purely zombie survival, and it worked. I don't know if Sarah Northway has become a super liberal in the interim between games but her political a beliefs definitely bled through into Gangs of Deadville. It's turned me off to the series and I won't be buying another Northway game. Noticed that I haven't rated the game yet, which shocked me. I absolutely love this game and all of the previous ones. This one is the best one of them. I do hope that you are working on the game to improve it not that it needs it but it would be cool if you added updates to expand the game on number of cities. For instance make it where the final canada city takes you to russia and you just slowly make your way around the world. Adding more of a questline would be cool. Add some more weapons and characters and character customization options. Otherwise this is one of the greatest games and adventures i have played. Thank you and keep up the great work. Rebulid 4 pls but more 3d This is a great game. Lovely strategy and simulation to it, great skill system, amazing story. Brilliant add-on to the rebuild series. Keep up the good work guys! 👍👌 Where is rebuild 4 Disappointing, loved PC versions of rebuild games, this was not nearly as much fun, and the PC ones are free.  Wish I hadn't bought this, or I could at least get a refund, I know I won't be playing this again. The only thing that would make this game better is if Gustav only had rare items that you could only get from him. After awhile he has nothing that you need Surprisingly in-depth strategy RPG. No IAP, with a lot of customization, well thought-out controls, and interesting, fun events. Very high replayability, and worth more than the game price. garbage 15년도에 했을때 갈수록 컨텐츠가 부족해지고 게임이 너무 단조로워져서 재미가 없었네요. 상대 NPC도 단계마다 달라졌으면 하는데 똑같은 녀석들이 나온다거나..  지금은 모르지만..  When i played this game in 2015 i thought, the more i played this game, the less i enjoyed contents on this Game. I dont know well whether changed or not but i'll try again hoping more contents Uses impressively little battery life on my phone, I played several hours a day for about a week now and by the end of the day I still have more than half my battery left. Great game has amazing replay value A perfect sequel to the first 2 games, this game deserves more attention to it. Great work. Love the art and feel of this game.  Much love to the creator for the many hours of enjoyment this game has provided. I played the first Rebuild and truly loved it. I thought it was missing a few options that would have made it even greater though. This game not only builds on the older game but made the replayability and strategy even better. Some will look at the $5 price tag and think too much, but if you're looking for a fun and strategic game that will have you continuing to play,  its well worth the price. A great sequel to Rebuild 1/2. The new UI takes some adjusting; I didn't like it at the beginning but it grew on me. The gameplay is still excellent, but I did somewhat expect more for the 3rd installment. I don't regret buying this game however. I bought this game twice - once for my phone/tablet, and once on Steam for my desktop. I enjoy playing it so much, I wanted a portable version.  Awesome game - I can't get enough of it. This is another game that I have on every device I possible can. Its fun, and although a bit graphic intensive, is an amazing port of the computer version. Awesome game, totally worth its price. The game atmosphere takes you over there Having a hard time thinking what could be improved. Great zombie sttategy game :) Ive played all the rebuilds way back when. A very fun and addictive game. Great survivor sim. Need PC port! Or please make it screen move when using mouse without dragging. Thank you Sarah north way. I fell in love with this game when the first rebuild came out. Keep making games please Wont let me download after i pirchased and refund  it still wont download Great game.  Sucks you in.  Hard to find good games on Android.  This one is worth it. Amazing game with amazing controls! Played both rebuild 2 & 3 and loved them both! Managed to kill hours playing this game and always kept me very engaged. Also, not a freemium game and that a big win in my books. Always loved this game I love the rebuild series and this game is an amazing sequel to rebuild 1 and 2 Best rebuild game yet. Love the new story mode and factions, especially the riffs and last judgement gang. If you liked rebuild 1 or 2 at all this version is a major step up, worth spending $5 on for sure.  I'm addicted.  And the classic, choose 4 people to accompany you to restart after saving a town is awesome. Tons of factions, different zombie types and overall very thoughtful gameplay. Well thoughtout game! Fun and frustrating to play. Love that I can play offline. Please previous games and really loved them. This one is amazing and well worth the price. Great game, deffinatly worth the money and so much better then previous versions good game Game is simple but addictive. I'll start playing at around 8pm then next thing you know it's 3am and i don't even know what happened. Great game, would highly recommend it Great game but it's time for an update!!!! Or a newer version keep expanding!!!!! I funded this game on kickstarter and I'm glad I did. Very impressive game. A super fun and challenging game! Story mode is a lot of fun. Great build up from the previous games! This game took a VERY long time to put down. I appreciate the work these two put in to this. They knew the exact right mixture to keep me coming back to get that good ending. I look forward to more games! THANK YOU Well worth the price especially if you enjoyed either of the first 2 An absolute gem of design, storytelling, style and vision. Thanks for the unforgettable experience! Excellent 4X game. Really enjoyed playing it turn based or you could set it up for real time if that's your thing. It's awesome how you have to manage the relationships between the survivors as well. And the story line with its few puns and humor was really interesting. Light hearted zombie apocalypse fun with some deep drama. Hope to see a sequel one day. One of my favourite games. Cant wait for Rebuild 4 and i hope you guys go for the more gorey and realistic look instead of the cartoony graphics. Would be so much better if events had more affect on  outcomes for other events. A game I longed for. Its strategy and survival game at its best with decent economy you will surely enjoy. Kudos to developers and hope they make more of these great games. Best game ever!!!  Please slowly add more content like new factions and more mechanics, and especially new scenarios are of them just requires me to choose that same option I don't know if there's like a percentage chance of good results but do far it's like the results are the same for each choice. One of my favorite games Awesome must have game Well thought out. Good replayablility. Not much on the offline games, more into PvP, but this is definitely worthwhile. Glad to have made the purchase. Well done. This game delivers a lot of fun for a reasonable price. There's a lot of clever programming under the hood to keep it balanced and interesting. I really like how there is both a strategy game and a storyline running concurrently. Nice work! Just a small expansion, not a new game. I was highly disappointed to see more of the same with a $5 price tag. Don't get me wrong, I like the game, but I could have just replayed one I already paid for. If you're new to the series, but this one. If you have another in the Rebuild series, save your money and play that instead. Played all the rebuild games. Best simulated game for me! Hoping for rebuild 4! Great game with replay value although it is unfortunate there are no future updates. I love this game. Can you make it an infinite campaign Omg...... the horror!  Lol not.... good game Great game Great time waster, except "good ending" is nigh impossible without a guide and even then ridiculously difficult to do. My only complaint Is that the music/ambience in rebuild 1 was better What an amazing jump from #2! Extra Fun story because I live in the Pacific northwest! Thanks Sarah & friends. Amazing totally worth 5 bucks If this was multiplayer it would be so much better This is a great game amazing all around and it is one of those games you can always come back too well done for making an awesome game keep up the good work. Great game! I've enjoyed Rebuild since I first played it on Kongregate. The game is great. The only issue I have with it is the music. There a chance you could add the music from rebuild 2? Amazing city rpg game, you command how you fight othee factions and the zombies! Great Game much better than previous games Play with all the groups. The way they interact has as much story as console games. This should be top seller. Best mobile game out now. Very fun and addicting game that has endless replayability! It's amazing Very much the worthy successor to Rebuild.  If you're new, the game is a satisfying "Build and Expand" game with many chapters in the story, allowing for different scenarios with a short of New Game+ since you can bring 4 characters forward from the last city. Very fun zombie RTS! Great game cant wait till the next one Love it. Very thorough, enjoyable mobile game. Something you can play little or lots at a time, and come back to without any pressure to keep checking in or be pestered by notifications. It is really fun and I can't stop playing it, the only problem with it that I have is that so many mobs of zombies attack you, but if you do get this game, remember research at the science lab when you get one. Any way you should get this game Rebuild 3 was an amazing sequel to the first 2. I felt like the first 2 lacked replay value that the 3rd definitely addressed. The story and the overall depth of the game really made it great. Game was so immersive and interactive, it really left a lot of creative freedom to the player. For a $5 phone app, this game blew the doors of my expectations. Here's to a Rebuild 4! Tough game :) harder than the first but I'm not complaining. The user interface is a bit more fiddly. I prefer the old model of each individual character being selected from a list. The character stacking can be a bit more fiddly and it's easy to forget certain characters are there. Overall I would say it is a sequel that doesn't go too far from the original but to be honest I think the game has potentially been over improved in a way but still enjoyable to play. Still worth 5 stars. Been playing this since Rebuild 1. I've played this game over and over again. So awesome. Rebuild 4 pleaseeeee Pretty good was challenging and funny at the same time Great game. Perfectly suited to mobile. And an improvement on the previous titles. Spend abou 2 weeks playing this for about 4 hours a day just to finish the champaign is worth the buy! Best Civilisation-like game I have found for Android. Very re-playable. Hours of play time. Interesting dialogue and story. It's very refreshing to see a non-f2p building game. We need a control that we can kick survivor out of our fort but reduce overrall happiness cuz they will fear that they will get kick it stack up. This is still one of my favorite games to play when I'm bored It very nice every time I play it I do for 1 hour Eyyyy.... The best game I love this game. I hope to see more like this. So much depth and really addictive. Wish more mobile games were like this instead of the free to play drivel. I had to restart 5 times before I began to understand and love this game. Excellent work Good attempt, but falls short. The UI is too cluttered, too much going on in the game; would be great on PC but needs to be simpler on mobile. I love this game, and I hope more rebuild games will come out in the future. Please have a update love the game I don't normally review games but this has been my favorite phone game ever! And I'm that guy that checks the the play store every day trying out new games! It's addicting, entertaining, and it's not just some dumb mindless clicking game. I love it!!! Great game just needs more diversity between missions. So much fun and the time goes by fast playing this game.  Great game.  I'm looking forward to future iterations.  The only thing I would say in the negative is that the back stories that pop up on survivors and events that happen are quickly redundant.  Hopefully these get more fleshed out in the future.  No pun intended ;) 10/10 would have my guys jump the wall again. More than what I had hoped for~ Could not stop playing it~ Play the older rebuld games via web browser, buy this, realise why this is good Good game. Fan of the series :) been playing from Rebuild 1 on my computer. Played the original & this is so much better I love this game and I give it five stars because it has given me hours of enjoyment. The only thing I would like to see is more events to do with the survivors and their struggles. I hope there is a 4th one coming. Just wanted to update my review. Game is still fantastic. Great game but what's up with that restoring graphics? I dont like the grahixs restoring after i get a notification Fun and addictive. Can do part2 I have completed the map Very fun strategy game lots of different ways to play has a story mode and sandbox with lots of replay options Amazing! Amazing game. Definetly one of the best available on a phone. Super addictive, one of the best strategic moble game out. Love the choices u face Amazing and immersive! You'll like it if you enjoy 4x games. I promise. Great game to kill time. Although to get a great ending need a lot of task to do. Legendary! A brilliant masterpiece. Especially for me as for a  zombie-horror movies fan. Only one disadvantage - the music spoils the atmosphere. In the first game it was much more cool and atmospheric. Here it is too "funny and shiny". But everything else is just perfect. Good Game Phenomenal game! I couldn't put it down, spent a good 3 hours non stop playing it. Hoping they make a new one soon. worth it Hell yeah Had me hooked immediately. Challenging enough, really engrossing and a treat for tycoon fans A sequel so the premise is the same.  The huge downside is power it requires to run.  Yes a lot of games do this.  But i hoped it would be a lightweight turn based game.  So other than that.  It's a decent game. Love the game have been playing it for ages Amazing game Great game, got all sorts of good happening here. I'm very much addicted. More can be added to this game to make it even better. Consider adding multi player, both on, and offline. Offline multi player game would be purely turn based, i think thats self explanitory. Online could be given the option of turn based. But how fun would it be to have ranked matches between 2 - 12 real Player factions playing in a non-pausable day to night timer based game. Everyone would be working the map/alliances at the same time. Give quick commands to talk to players via keyboard, but only if you send a leader to converse at a picticuler player faction. Thus only talking to factions near by or that you have personally discovered. Events can still happen the same way, just does not pause. Ranked games would be set on challenging difficulty, i still struggle with hard early game. We want people killing each other, so dont make the zombies to hard lol. Im sure it's been considered, and perhaps even being worked on. One thing is for sertain... I'm on the rebuild train. Keep up the good work, love the game, love the potential can't wait for the next one. All we want is more events, more resources, more character classes, more, more more, ect lol.        Thank you. As far as strategy games for Android go this is one of the best. The campaign provides a variety of scenarios that play very differently. There are different ways to play and a good spectrum of difficulty levels. Definitely recommended. One of the better 4X games on any platforms, and the story mode is compelling enough for me to finish it. After several missions it does feel repetitive, but because it becomes more challenging and again because the story is pretty compelling I still enjoyed it. Worth every money I spent! So much fun. Keeps me busy for days. Great strategy game. Great story as well. Keep up the great work. I love it its a masterpiece Buggy and slow. Good game and a good way to spend your time if you're bored. Definitely an improvement compared to the previous versions of the Rebuild games. This is a great upgrade to the game and I enjoy it very much. It's got so much more to do and your actions actually have consequences. Excellent game - not sure if it's worth $4.99 but regardless, it's a fun game.  It can get a bit repetitive at times.  I just wish it wouldn't 'restore graphics' all the time.  Each time I get a notification on my phone, it has to restore graphics. I really like this game just some times as your starting your hit by  lots of zombies which can hurt recovering still great game!! Been playing the Rebuild games for years. All versions. Regularly updated. Alot of fun. Great offline. The developers should be proud. I have sunk many hours into these Rebuild games. Great Time killer Big fan of this game since rebuild 1 :) I've played all of their rebuild games and I'm not surprised that this one is as awesome as the other two along with some improvements. New types of buildings would b nice. Weather change would be kool. Hunting choices as in what to hunt would b kool Not even worth $4.99 Pig farmers will die every time for what they do. #LongPork A truly original and infinitely engaging concept, executed flawlessly. This is what mobile gaming can be and should be. Great game, so much to do. Very addicting Found a bug! A potential recruit asked if we had running water, so with my level 3 leader I lied. I checked the recruits survivor management tab and it had the seemingly appropriate mood reduction for being lied to BUT, it said I lied about having a bar (: not running water. I hate the ending i didnt get enough resarch and died im so pissed cause i have to restart entire game just to get good ending is there another way because ide love to play more but if i have to start all the way over Tons of fun, eminently replayable as every game is different in its own way... plus, eating strangers never gets old Had played rebuild 2 many times b4 rebuild 3 came. Love it so much.  Sarah is also a very responsive dev in relation to fixing reported bugs Awsome Awesome! I get bored with alot of games but I always come back to Rebuild! I love the game, but a lot of the time the story can get passive-aggressively political, which only serves to alienate me and the other conservatives playing. But that's not a big deal. Great game! I loved the first rebuild game, but this game is over the top. 10x better than the first. This is one of the best thought out games I've played in a long time. High replayability and even after playing through the story 2x I still haven't seen everything. Please come out with either a rebuild 4 or another storyline ASAP. A dark story with you representing a glimmer of hope for survival. Gather your frightened and delicious group of survivors and train them in the skills they'll need to survive the relentless zombie hordes. Your decisions will either rebuild an outpost of civilization amid the apocalypse, or deliver the undead a tasty treat for the end of days. Solid game The game kinda got stale during the "Trails" mission. even on easy mode, its almost impossible to beat. please fix Oh my gosh, totally engrossing. Superb.  Wish more games were like this. Love it brilliant idea and execution This game is an amazing macro strategy game with a great variety. Great all around game. having super completed the game once on my phone, I blew through it again on tablet and it was just add fun both times Excellently executed. Has tons of changes from #1 (as I believe #2 was a PC port of #1) but still manages to make the game feel familiar. If I can make a suggestion to players, it would be to play in turn mode. This makes it so that you aren't waiting around for things to happen. Well done Sarah and friends! Thanks for the great app, and I hope to see more updates in the future. :) Could you guys make it to where you join a server and make it to where you can make Alliances and start wars. Like just starting all over and seeing the last town standing? Pretty dang good. Great game I've been a fan of this series for years and was eagerly awaiting this sequel. It doesn't disappoint.  I've dropped over a dozen hours into this app and it was worth every penny. Best game on android I wish there were more games like this. I hate first person shooters but love the survival aspect of zombie games. I love looting and taking over buildings and finding survivors Much bigger than the previous versions so has more depth but takes longer. I really like it. Love it 👍 This is a surprisingly engaging and replayable base-building game with interesting characters and random events with many possible consequences. Higher difficulties are nice and challenging.Multiple turn/game speed settings is nice. I wish there was more mobile content like this. Great Game I like the game but when navigating through the menus it doesn't want to respond sometimes. Unsure if its because of me or the game. Unsure. Always loved rebild 1 and 2. At first I was reluctant to buy 3 but it went down in price and was well worth it. The last Full Game without Microtransaction I love this game, I played 1 and 2 back in 2012. Please add more gangs I love the challenge it brings. Love this game wish there was more variety in missions though but great game Please? Greatest mobile game ever! A bit More enjoyable as a desktop game because of larger screen, but otherwise identical. Amazing how this game with almost zero animation can be so deep and you really feel for the characters Wish training survivors was simpler. I didn't figure out how to train multiple stats till the last level. Similar to the first one, but much more depth. Slick interface and gameplay, good pace to the game. Best game series in the store I will never stop buying these. They make me so damn happy, great concept, challenging but never frustrating. This is a great strategy game. Very fun and addicted Doesn't work They follow the line between too funny and too scary for zombie fiction well. Please add more diplomatic options Play a round of rebuild 2 on the website if you can't on your phone. It makes the learning curve easier than jumping from the first to this one. This is a very great game. This is my go to game, dont know what i would do without it! Amazing See title. I've played Rebuild since the first game and never stopped loving it. The game runs smoothly and is as challenging as you want it to be. The story mode is actually very well done and fun to play. My only complaint is that late game it becomes a tad difficult to keep happiness up but otherwise this is, in my mind, a flawless game. It was even inspired a story or two of my own related to zombies as well as an entire modern d20 game that I'm putting together for my friends. That's a lot for this epic game! Love this game but hate when u can't bring more people to next stage. And what the hell with zombie worshiper. It make all my key player go to idiot and killing them self Every rebuild has been great keep up the great work!! I loved and played this game intil i beat it, totally worth the money If you played the last game it might be a bit awkward at first,  but give it a chance. My all time favourite game,  I've completed it so many times its great Good but the factions are too easy to beat, even on impossible Major improvement on previous titles. Especially love the new real time system! Like Yogi Bear for your tablet.  "It's smarter than the average mobile game."  Curiously cartoonish looking for a game that had slavers cut my best scavenger girl's throat when I tried to rescue her instead of paying a ransom. Loved it Played rebuild game on pc and was extremely happy to see that there is a mobile game now.  Game play is perfect. I HIGHLY recommend this. Amazing series One of the best games out there for mobiles. An outstanding example of what we could be playing. Enjoyed the last games & had to try this one. I wasn't let down one bit. Enjoyable Game It's very addictive and but hard to figure out how to mod it to make your gameplay better Please release the updated version of this game. The modding dont work in this version. Please update to 1.6.9 Sorry to say this but the art sucks the characters design is not good the gameplay is good but the art. A good improvement over an already great series. Way better than the older ones. Interesting story to follow. Has clan wars. Interesting factions. Fun game. Played this game for ages now and i still love it☺ Ya Really fun to play and i like how every character has there own little background (have to have them in your settlement for a while a speach bubble will appear) only down fall is i cant seem to get fuel one of the hardest materials to find just super fun. Great game I played the first verson. This one's cool too. I like the new additions. By it now! Zombies at the gates of your fort; builders punishing your fort out into the zombie hoards; soldiers killing zombies around the fort to clear the way for builders; engineers researching ways to improve both the fort and zombie killing; scavengers scouring the city for food, building materials, tools, and weapons; leaders recruiting new survivors - so much to do! Negotiate and trade with other surviving factions. Form alliances with or wipe out the other factions. Pfft! Character limit!! It's amaz Worth every penny, great strategy game. No clear goal. Slow to play. Sound effects are less scary. Not captivating. All the changes seem to be for the worse. Enjoyable although a bit repetitive, and can't understand why anyone with a cricket bat in Canada would support the Proteas 😉 This game is amazing Awesome game!!! The sequels that have been brought out just keep getting better. Great game. Interface take time to get used to it, but generally better than first plus it has a campaign So worth 5 bucks . I played rebuild 2 when it was bearly out. I remember I couldn't wait for this one to come out. Four words..... F***ing Awesome This game has a bit of a learni g curve, but that aspect only enhances the game. The story is so enriching! Looking at all of the different scenarios, its difficut to get them all first time through. The music is a bit repetitive but its still good Just fantastic! Nice and well rounded gameplay and importantly it doesn't have bug or performance issues. I thought it will be repetitive but I was wrong. The story really drive the gameplay and the atmosphere. I wish there could be done sort of quick multiplayer or co op. This game is addictive. I have played all the way through and can't wait to try it again. It's been several months, but still love it. Great game! I've had more fun playing rebuild 3 (and previously rebuild 2) than any other mobile game I've ever come across. It's just a Tom of fun to play. Great improvement from the last but a map editor would be awesome!! Fun and addictive I was disappointed it was so difficult to get a good ending.  Otherwise great game. I brought Reclaim 3 after having played through Reclaim hoping for it to be quite similar. Its just over complicated though and you just spend too much time wondering what the hell all the UI does. It just hasnt got the same feel to it as the original. Over complicated a simple game so much so that it absorbed the fun out of it for me. Only complaints are how repetitive it is when you move cities. Same random events and factions and they are the same as in the last town. But don't seem to remember you. Great game wanna of favorites!! Absolutely Love the sequel. 10/10 As far as I can tell this game is as close to flawless as it can get. Very glad it has the turn based option as that is what I was used to with the original rebuild games It's an OK game. Tends to get boring after you have rebuilt a couple of towns however. Needs different objectives and different "scenarios" for the town folk..it's just he same ole, word for word scenarios over and over for every town you fix. How does this only have 10k downloads? I've loved the rebuild games since they were flash games on new grounds. I was hesitant of this purchase as its pricier but it is unquestionably worth it. I have played this game more recently than my console games. It's a great game to play with background noise Among the best in its genre and device, good for tablet play. A must have imho Love it! Worth the wait! Now that I've beaten it on impossible difficulty, I'm just sad it's over :/ Amazing game That plot twist!!!!!!! *burns house down* If you like getting lost for days (literally) well worth a buy!! How do I get the duluxe on android?? This game is the fuxking best. Kinda wish it had winter though Great game loads fun and challenging played 1st game can't get second on my phone but 3rd brilliant definitely recommend it Played the original and 2 on PC. This game is an excellent port and an excellent evolution of the first installments. I can't stop playing this game. Better than 1 and 2 combined, well worth the money Once you get to the third city in Spokane, the US Military shows up and is evil. Can't even negotiate with them. Good job. Won't purchase another anti-american product from ya'll. Wish I could get a refund. Great game worth the minor price tag...better than the original.....no issues with graphics or lag on LG phone There was severe lag, long load times, and horrible visual glitches where the left side bar was completely white. It's a shame this was so bad especially because the first one was one of my all time favorite games Phenomenal game; strategic as well as tactical depth. Great graphics and user interface. Definitely not another cheesy ad-filled cartoony junk game. The storyline mode has more than meets the eye - high replay value! Sarah Northway has established herself as a maestro game designer. I have not had this much fan with an app game in a long time. I only wish this super affordable game was longer, but I have no problem playing it again! I wish the same background stories didn't pop up over and over, but that might just be me wishing for a larger world and story.  Hey! If you need help writing background stories for part 4, hit me up!! Very enjoyable. Loved it ive played all the rebuilds but i would like to see some new building and options in the new one keep on doing what your doing ;p Play on PC and want the game on the move. Great. Superb game with many things to explore. Minor suggestion:include an encylopedia to detail the nuances of the game for player reference. Great Game, one of the best!!! Gets better every sequel. :) K Loved the story.  And play the random maps over and over So you've put the confirm button right next to the character creation options, which means that I get stuck with a character I didn't want. Resetting the story doesn't reset the character or the intro. So not only do I get stuck with a character I don't want, but I also don't know what's happening in the story. Refund please. Maybe wish there were some more random events and maybe the kids could do more tho This game is seriously so much fun! Let's you have same sex couples which is always a bonus for a gay zombie lover, so that's really nice. Just buy it, you won't be disappointed! Plenty of options and pretty cool idea. Really, love and enjoy this game!!! I just want to know when the next one is coming out? Amazingly fun and addicting! Great game great game A bit bloated and slow, in terms of gameplay. Too many things to do and think about. Still a good game. This game is by far the best rebuild ever keep it up p.S can you make the kids more usful and add more random things Please keep on improving the game further with new features. Thanks. Best one yet! Rebuild was awesome. This is even better. Nuff said! I've been a player of all and I like them all.  This expands on the existing premise and improves. This game is lagit, fun and addicting From armorgames all-star to a full blown PC quality 4x, Rebuild is a fifteen dollar game all day. If you have played the previous games, you know what you expect. Normally that statement would feel a bit melancholy, but not when something is as fulfilling as this. Easily worth double the price. I love this game! Still trying for that perfect ending! A bit samey later on but a very interesting game One of the best mobile games out there. Keep up the great work! Great but a few bugs.  My Soldiers will not use bath salts.  I traded for a few and it gave me 200 for no reason.  Stays at 200.  Devs please fix. One of the best games I've played on mobile. Loved the original and this adds so much more depth! I had play thr first version n this. Both are great. This new one have greater n nice pictures. Story and quest are more n logical. Really looking forward of furure new version with even more surprise for us. ^^ This game is very addictive and challenging, better than Rebuild 1 and 2. Once I started playing it, I had a hard time putting it down. This is a proper game. Not something to give you limited fun while trying to extract ever more money from you.  It is an Indy game with a good community. It is fun to play. You start to care about your survivers. Some of the random acts that happen are genuine moral questions. I don't ever remember having a game where I had to deal with an unwanted pregnancy. Well worth the small up front cost. Played through multiple city's, had a wife and son, wife turned into a cult fanatic which caused the death of half my city. 10/10 would kill my cult wife again. Great game.  I've spent way too many hours replaying.  Hope there's another sequel eventually... Love this game from beginning till end. Now to get the good ending. Love this game I love it its more challenging I love all the additional content. I was much hooked to Rebuild 2 and am much happy to see how they took the same concept and improved on it. Love it! this is a great sequel to the other games. I am glad that you made it thanks And I love it, I own this game on 2 platforms now. I support only games or teams I believe in.  This game is gold. Ive followed northway games since the start and you never fail to deliver :) Nothing bad to say. I've been playing rebuild series since the original and this one has increased depth without adding fussiness. The interface and the style just felt in the way.  Was looking forward to it after playing the previous Rebuild Game, but was disappointed.  Not going to waste my time on this one and applying for a refund. It's a very fun game it'd be nice if you auto scavenged upon reclamation though This rebuild series is by far one of the best Indie games I've ever played. They've seamlessly connected the PC versions for cell phone use in the older games and in this version blew even those away with new and interesting enhancements that make sense rather than seeming forced as with other cell phone adaptions of PC games. They do this without losing the original fun and replay ability of the old games. I am BLOWN AWAY by how good this is. Thank you Northway games! I loved rebuild 2 and rebuild 3 steps up the game. Easy to learn but with a very deep strategy overall. Great game play and characters...this is a worthy sequel to the first game. More in depth, with good options to choose from. I love this. One question though. In the first city I have it so my leader was bite and gangster but didn't did. Is there a way to make everyone servive  that goes with you? Taking the best parts of the original flash games and putting them in a broader incredibly detailed world was just what this series needed. The world is quite immersive, more so than any other game I've played on a mobile device. Characters, locations, story, events, items, theres just so much game to explore. Super addictive town builder I played the first  and it was ok but  this one overpower it!!  a lot more variety  from  buildings to weapons and  tools from research and situation  to finish with the various  factions, which  add more layers to the game, i really  recommend it Took the original ideas and really expanded on them. And I love the added story's for all the characters, makes it much more alive. Also, much more heartbreaking when you lose someone. Great game overall. Good jobs guys. Incredibly detailed game. Tons of unique content. Can be played at my own pace, so many feature this is the perfect Apocalypse Rebuild game ever! Fantastic time killer Played old version. This is fun too Just like the previous versions, but it's way too short for the price you pay for it. Bit disappointed with the shortness but overall love the game. This may be the best-for-value game I ever purchased, certainly on a mobile. So often, sequels are just more of the same. But this game is a true leap forward in evolution. It combines gritty zombie atmosphere, cool storyline, excellent gameplay; everything is just great! Couldn't make heads or tales of it. Definitely not for me 5 bucks gone, Save your money and buy a movie!!! For an android 4x game it leaves little to be desired. Its very solid and variety of events, encounters, and characters is all great. Skill trees are somewhat unexciting and the game gets repetitive eventually, but its definitely worth the purchase. add more Been a fan of the series for a long time, and when I first heard that there was going to be a 3rd game, well I couldn't wait to try it! I haven't regretted my purchase since. It's a fun and addictive game, and I have only scratched the surface! Although, I could understand if you wouldn't like the game, but most of us do genuinely enjoy playing it. Give it a shot, it won't let you down. All the fun of the previous game with extra stuff! I love the Rebuild series! Had this one first on Steam and since I ran out of good games to play in Android and I need my Civ fix, this game is just the ticket! Coming from Steam, the interface works well with Android, although I would love to write the trade amounts as numbers, rather than use a slider. Recommend! I got Gretchen, I had her assault a fellow survivor and had an untouched motel just for her.  But I searched and still no monkey blood. One of the most fun game in the play store. Huge fan of this series but not much of an improvement or worth the $. Seems imbalanced with the task times jacked up so high. I lost interest fast. Oh well... You should make your own stuff The levels don't provide much difference. .. I would like more different objectives ... but still a good game I am addicted to this game. I wish there was more to do on it and more levels. The storyline is great and there is some options to replay the game again and again. Only downsides are - Struggling to get optimum options for the last level on easy. Also the controls can be really fiddly - it's hard to be precise in menus like trading and seeing what perks survivors have. Could do with a what's this option. I really enjoy this game... It is super addictive but each new area isn't much different than the last... Still fun... Being able to level up the main character further would be great... After 5 areas my main character shouldn't still be at the level they were in the 1st area... You are a fantastic and honest developer. What is described is what you get and i love that it doesn't need permissions, thanks! A bit base builder. Bit 4x. Bit RPG. All on my phone The original Rebuild was great. Rebuild 3 is amazing. Improved upon the base game in every way. Tough challenges, great repeatability, worth every penny. Played the first game in high schoold and was hoping theyed come out with a nother one and so far i love it get it if u like to survive in the zombie world I love this game. Awesome gameplay, concept, graphics, and polish! It's missing something to it Played Rebuild 1, a while back..  This is a vast improvement in mechanic and game play.  The challenge can slide quite quickly, if you mismanage your burgeoning city.  Good luck, survivors! Happiness needs more explanation, otherwise great game Please refund my money please. Every time I try to play the game it crashes.  I want a refund because I hadn't been able to play the game at all. Great story line and lots of fun BRAAAINS *BLAM* I couldn't stop playing and would find myself spending hours going from city to city. If I could give it 6 stars, I would. Great basis though i wish there was a bit more variety and in depth management for items workshops ect, one of my favorite cell games though Put on Normal Mode and beat it within 6 hours or so. I am not a heavy gamer nor considered a competent gamer by today's standards and this game was easily beatable. All sections searched, scavenged, and conquered. Needs more... It's a nice twist on strategy nation building games..... Just as good as the old ones! This is the best mobile game I have ever played,  and one of my favorite games ever. On top of the solid 4X game play,  it has a great story and some wonderful pro-diversity design choices. I have been a fan since the 1st rebuild and I hope she makes more The music, the ambience, the story, it all comes together in a beautiful package.  This game is worth every penny, buy it! Inspiring game. Good game, however the best ending can only be acquired by completing a lengthy series of events during which you have to choose to make several mistakes in order to 'proc' the events... All within the same map (and can't be done on many of the maps)... This game would get 5 stars if they designed it so the triggers for this quest were cumulative throughout the campaign instead of getting reset with each new map. I own the previuos version. This one is Really worth paying for it. Game play is great. Rpg strategy elements. Good replay value too. A game where u r the leader n getting survivors together to rebuild. Great effort by the developer. Different personalities of survivors, skills can be upgraded.  Simple non complex easy to get on. 5 stars. Just completed the campagin and...wow just amazing everything is so much better i cant belive the ending though the sorta hero ending but wow amazing hands down best game ever played Hours of fun! Awesome Im addicted to this game. The gameplay and graphics keep getting better and better every game great job Sarah you've done more than the best you could! :) Long time fan and I'm glad that the third is out now. I love tycoon games, city builders, and management simulators and I absolutely love the app. The art = great. The mechanics = great! The concept = nailed it! Money well spent. I hope to see more projects like this! I'll pay! Lol Best rebuild game yet I played all three Rebuild games and this is by far the best. Well worth my money. Excellent title with plenty of content. Suggest would be option for number input during trading. Can be tricky if you want to trade a specific amount. Great game You need to buy this game it so much awesome Great game that plays well and manages to be both relaxed and intense at the same time. Definitely worth the money, in my opinion. Can't wait to see a fourth title in the series. Rebuild with even more stuff to do and see. Great interface for such a complex game. Good graphics and music. If you like good strategy games get this. I liked it, but the ending was not what I thought it could be Yawn....... Very fun. Definitely a lot like the first one but different enough to still be interesting. Wonderful. A complex, moody story, with engaging graphics. Each of your workers is unique and different, which makes it hard to lose them.  Really well done! I look forward to more Sarah Northway games! I was so excited for the newest installment in the rebuild series and I knew how long it has been in the making... that said I am disappointed. The real time movement and more complex resource assignment have taken away from what made the game great. It seems like the game was streamlined and mainstreamed and I am not a fan. Is there any way to get deluxe edition on mobile, or get access to the deluxe content? After many days of gameplay I had advanced of 7 or 8 cities. I uninstalled the game but not the game data. After installing back the game, my saved data was gone! This is an amateur issue. I have invested a massive amount of time and now what? Am I suppose to start from the beginning? This title and the developers are as good as dead for me. Awesome. it is great! But there is a never ending horde of zed coming at your town, I can't even build a city hall before they start taking buildings... Its one of the best and the story is magnificent, the ending is to die for.. Literaly if you were my dude CX but anyway I wish I could rate it 7\5 This is the kind of game I've been waiting for.  A zombie game with strategy base building.  Adding in factions to deal with was a nice touch. The gameplay starts out addictive but after helping a few towns you realize your stuck meeting groups you've met before that don't remember you at all on top of having to research the same things over and over as if the characters can't recall the things they've learned before. Today, I learned I'm not a good leader. Love every second of this game you won't get bored Glad that this lives up to the legacy! But I can't find a way to edit a map Shut up and take my money! Awesome sequel. Exceeds expectations. Worthy of purchase. Unbeatable Games won't launch and crashes. Please fix. Using Galaxy S4. Glad I got this on tablet instead of PC. Great way to unwind and battle the Zombie Apocalypse. This is addictive.. beware.. Please make the character icons smaller on the  map. It's really hard to figuere out what's under them at times, not to mention it just really makes things ugly. Even an option to toggle between large and small would be awesome. Willing to 5 star if change is made. Thank you Huh....Flawless!! Repetitive. Do not want to connect to internet to play. Every time I exit the game phone seems to spaz I  have spent hours on this. This game is definitely worth it. The story mode is also worth playing. Especially near the end. I have play the first rebuild and have loved it. This is way better than the first I played. I love how you can do more and the interaction between the survivors. Other factions that you can interact with. This game is worth it and you never get tired or bored playing it. I loved the first one so I was excited to see they made a second one, I had to buy the second on, its a good strategy game its worth it give it a try you will be addicted. A few new improvements and this game gets extremly repetitive after only a few hours. I want my money back. Replay value is much better. Game has more options than previous versions.  Game gets better every version. Well worth the money. Addictive, hard to put down. Longer, and better replay value than previous Rebuild. More character options and depth. Can now play turn-based or real-time. Definitely worth the price. Nice game I played the prequels online and this is a good successor. Has more different events that happen and different options. You have a feeling that you're creating your own story with every playthrough Best way to pass commercial breaks during the walking dead One of the most addicting games ive ever played I was a fan of the previous games, and this game makes them both lame. Always replayable, no in app purchases or adds. When I was alive, I cooked and ate people. When I died, they tasted better raw! Very fun game. Been playing none stop The best one love it Its so awesome when ever i put my phone down i just have to pick it up and start playing its the best game ive ever had i promise its worth the money Great game. Love everything about it I can play this game all day i luv it i recommend this game to all zombie players Play this series a lot in school during class hahaha been waiting for the 3rd:) time to enjoy! I've replayed this game 10 times and still can't get enough ,I try to do different  choices to get different  endings ,great game hands down So so so good Fun, but steep learning curve. I'll be doing it now. :) Played it for hours......was sad when I finished it Always a fan. Best story line. Lost hours of mine to the last Rebuild.  Going to lose twice as many to this one.  Great game, highly entertaining. After an hour and two figuring out the gist of it, I have really enjoyed it so far. I wanted something other than some tower defense or time management game I usually get and this was it!  Take a chance and buy this game. Love it I have been playing the game since it came out and i have already played it through and now i have started over but now it wont let me play. It keeps kicking me out over and over and over. I just want to play This game is the greatest. Non stop fun. Thank you Not cheesy.  Very addicting and very playable.  Prepare to wonder where the time went. 😆 Worth every cent Great game, love the classic game style. You buy it and there are no ads or upselling in the game. Unique game. It motivates me to program a mobile game myself. Unique game and a huge improvement on the first one! Love the new style of moving individual characters. I was leary to just pay for it before trying it, but I regret nothing! Addicted to the game struggling to put it down! Love it Nothing like the last one. if you played rebuild then dont play this one. I hqve been waiting forever for this game to come out and it was a waste of money. Dont buy So many new mechanics, graphics overhaul, UI, and style got worked over as well. All while keeping the feel and humor of the first Rebuild. Great job Northway Games! Well worth 3.99. And no microtransactions!!! Good on you! This is the type of mobile gaming company that keeps hope alive for the platform! Death to microtransactions! This game is adicted i love it Got it working ya Even better than the first Rebuild. This game is such a boon to the series and has a very innovative interface. It's fun to play over and over again and it costs less than a movie ticket for countless hours of entertainment! Also the developer is top notch with support! I was helped immediately with an issue that had nothing to do with the game or the developer, it was a Google issue and yet the support given was exponentially above the call of duty! What are you waiting for? Get this game now, you won't regret it! This game is so good I took the time to rate it. The interface is fairly intuitive, and easy to learn. The game itself is challenging and every time you play your choices create a unique experience. Also there are zombies. Good game A major upgrade from earlier Rebuilds.  The story mode adds replay value.  On the earlier games once I beat "impossible" I had no reason to continue playing but Rebuild 3 adds a lot of variety and I can see myself returning to this game often. Id have 5 stars but you need to have more modes on here... Like a cheat mode... Infinite resources or ammo or fast building time... Hopefully theres more games modes challenging enough to keep you going and simple enough to keep you hooked Great game. Much better improvement from the original Rebuild Really nice better than the last two By far Sarah Northways biggest hit, great addicting concepts that have endless fantastic and adventerous improvions.  This game could easily sky rocket with the right promotions. I would love to connect with the production team Sarah did a truly great job on this. So many hours of game play for $5. Go buy it and you will love it. Amazing game! Really long game, and very stressful at times, but there are so many choices you could make that could change the ending. Speaking of endings, I had to replay that game 3 times in order to get a good ending. Great strategy game and amazing storyline It ranks well even when compared to the PC gaming I normally do. We, the players of Rebuild 3, demand a Rebuild 4! ☺ First time playing yet loved it.. Every time I start playing, 3 hours passes and I have a dead phone. True story Hella fun! Keep saying Game Center not working!?? Great game! If I'm paying money you do not get access to my friend list and you don't spam my friends feed.  Refund requested after zero seconds of play... I've loved the Rebuild games for years, and this one is definitely the best. I especially like the story mode, really engaging. I've gotten to the last town once, but it just turned into an all out kill-fest. I think I missed something, so -yay!- I get to play again from the beginning! Lol, I love it! need more real games like this for tablets Loving the campaign instead of a single map, improved everything from the originals ;). Great game, number 4 in the making :-D hoping so Grwat follow up to the first one! The only downside to it is that it crashes a lot. I really liked the 1st 2nd and this one but the others didn't crash as much as the 3rd Excellent.  Survivor management is much easier than previous versions. More depth in thr gameplay. Love it Totally awesome game well worthy of the money I paid Nice game.  I've only played through part of the second town but so far so great. :) I've spent over 30 hours on this game,  grear replay value and no bugs!   One of the best games on the playstore. 🎮 Not the type of game I'd normally play, but had me hooked and played all the way through. Top marks Its certainly worth the small price tag. Give it a try and support the creator so we can get more games like this The game is AWESOME!!! It was well worth the money I paid for it. Just, could you please fix the connectivity to Google Play Games?                            (P.S. Is this coming out on Newgrounds?) I really like the gameplay and enjoyed it.  But I had to reset my phone and when I logged in the story mode was all the way at the beginning.  Pretty much pointless to sign in with my google account if you can't bring saved information over if you get a new phone or have to reset it.  Honestly dont feel like going back through all those missions. Good game It's a good game, lots of micro management, so if your not a fan of that it might go over your head I see you with that jacksepticeye T-shirt. The zombies hit like a train. By second town you don't stand a chance. Zombies have you swarmed on every side. Total b.s. and broke. Please fix these O.Pd zombies!!!! Will give 5 stars when fixed. I JUST DON'T GET IT;   I am extremely disappointed with this game.  All I find myself doing is moving pictures of people around the city area to protect buildings from zombies etc, there is no physical animation to the characters, no movement and no life to anything, its just pictures of cartoony characters and zombies.  If you are going to charge premium prices for a game at least make it look premium. Loving it! More please Even better than the orginal! Excellent progression from the previous two which just also loved. This has a lot of improvements and loads of content! Now what I like was the story for each character you made.   But it will help if their was a percentage happy meter Well got it t work game is great. I'm hoping y'all could make a next gen game were its a first person city building game kind of like the approach fallout 4 is making with colonizing and defending but on a bigger scale where you create your person and the game generates random people and map style every time but first person and more In depth would definitely drop 40-60 dollars based on how visual it got even if it was just a live game or PlayStation online edition internet game Wow. Amazing. Completely worth the money. I first bought rebuild 1 was ok rebuild 3 is very good but I sure would love a better defensive system and more stuff and options like example: spies a farming class and the wall needs to make a difference like there a science that add electricity to wall but it changes nothing invaders and zombie still goes trough so yeah fix that it's anoying so much improvement could be done in a patch other than that good job still 5 stars The previous version of the game was fun no matter how many times you already played. However this one is so much better. It is incredible, has a good storyline, gameplay etc. It's just awesome! I really like the rebuild games, it was awesome to find an apocalypse game that was browser based and fun to play. I gave this app, however 3 out of 5 stars because I'm just not feeling it. The layout is hard for me to get use to and even thought I'm playing it on a phone with a fairly large screen, it's still hard to read the text. I used Google rewards to save up enough credit to purchase an app and I feel like I wasted my credit. I should have just kept saving for minecraft...oh well though, too late now A less confusing tutorial would be better. Played the original, this is so much better compared to it. Def a step up in the right direction. aside from the fact that for some reason i cannot progress to the second campaign mission and that sometimes certain survivors switch,equip and unequip items on their own,without me knowing-this game is addiction to me.even if i havent played for days, i understand it on my way back to it.uncounted hours.its the best game on my device since So worth the wait! Can't install on my samsung Enjoyable game, i think you guys have dive great. Only suggestion is when trading their would be a + and - instead of the slidebar, and trading trying to match the money im paying the merchant. Great game guys :-) I've played donated and bought every single game Sarah has made she and her team make amazing games and I love buying/donating to her cause. This one not so much..those huge head icons and weird lay out ruined it for me The developer felt the need to inject her political bias into the game. I would like to play the game without a mention of identity politics every 5 minutes. Too bad I can no longer refund it. The best mobile game of the year. Played these since the first game. I was still playing Rebuild2, but this is so much more complete. Great game. Absolutely great game. Congrats Sarah Northway! I played your first rebuild game in 2011 and absolutely loved it! Rebuild 2 came up and I LOVED it even MORE! And then this masterpiece shows up and i just, oh lord. Words can't express. So worth it. Faithful port from the PC. Previous version was absolutely fantastic and this is just as good. The cartoony style really works and gives the game a unique flavour. There are so many different ways to play you will always find something new. Can I give this 6 out of 5? No? Shame. Good job Sarah, love it! Sorry doesn't get my vote. Worth the price I like that there's now a story mode, and lots of text about interacting with other factions of survivors. Wonderfully executed zombie city builder game Soundtracks weak, cartoony animation and the original story line was way better. Lets you get into character. Also the uncensored option in rebuild 1 is missing in 3, big time.. If you liked the original Rebuild, don't miss this one.  It's got everything that made the original great, plus lots of new stuff that doesn't take away from what was good in the original.  This is one of the great ones! It ruins my Life. The game is to  addictive Man, once I start Playing I can't let go of the damn Phone. Just a warning for the people who wants to download this, This game is Fresh, very strategic, and dangerously contains a high doses of FUN . You should Try it Guys, Highly Recommend. (The only big issue for me is that the buttons at thr Survivors, Goverment, Factions,etc. Menu is to small and a Little tricky to Get used to, so yeah hope that get work, All in all great Job guys :)) Ive been waiting for this version for a while now. 100% better. New diplomatic problems and the other forts makes for a great twist. Zombies isnt always the problem. This app did well. Im waiting for there next big thing but until then how can i not sit back and enjoy the great stuff now Very addictive game play. I found myself playing for hours. Really improved on an already good formula. Keep up the good work! They got way too complicated with this one. Same exact thing as rebuild 2. What a shame. Wasn't impressed.  Felt like the first game with few additions. This game is my favorite time killer. I loved the first one and loving this one even more. I really enjoyed the original rebuild for mobile,   one or two things I wished had been better. Rebuild 3 is just like the original but better in every way, broader, more strategic, greater depth, more skills and perks, far better replayability. All things I wished had been better in the original have in fact been improved. I would have written a review days ago, but I was too busy playing because Rebuild 3 is just plain old fun, and more fun, just one more turn fun, for hours. Grab it and lose a few days, but you'll be smiling at the end. Update - the addition of save game transfers between devices is a nice touch. Was a great game Not what I was hoping for I enjoyed this game a lot. Wish there's more to It after you leave I gotta say way better than the last rebuild there is more depth and more foresight involved the system is nice but I love the factions they add a great element  over the older games blend politics and war in as well as a great trade system where you can trade your abundance of food for the medicine or ammo you desperately need there are way to meany cool new things over the older rebuild game  to list here but I think it's is a great buy especially since you can play sandbox mode where you customize the map to your liking more factions no factions rivers big town small town the choice is yours and I love it great job developers I look foreword to your next game I love this game, big fan of the rebuild series since the first one and this is the best one yet. No word cant describe how well done this game is . Story line really good need more games like this Play rebuild 3. You'll love it. No in game purchases,well thought out ,well put together, best 5 dollars I have spent in app store highly recommend!  Thank you developer!!!!!!! The creators did a great job on this game! I can't get enough of it!! Played this during early access on steam, loved it. Finally bit the bullet and nabbed it tonight, but its just not working out for me. Even on my Nexus 6s large glorious screen, things are hard to read at times and everything is a bit too small. Things slow down and get a bit choppy at times. I'm a bit disappointed as I love The Northways' work. Really a great game. this is the best version yet. a little repetitive, but randomized for great replay. An example of a developer who makes games to be better than their predecessors Couldn't get a refund 😡 when I tried I couldn't and now I can't even try plz help Whenever I try to load my game it flashes the loading screen and crashes please fix, I have a dragon touch Google tablet I paid 5 dollars for this and it didn't even work App just crashes after recent update. Please fix. Overall a good game I love the story mode compared to the previous rebuild! It gets more and more intense! So boring. Made for kids. Not very detailed. 1-please add Google play game cloud saving ......... 2-please enable immerseve mode Loved all three, this one's a solid improvement. My game is stuck on pause and I uninstalled it and deleted the game I did it on but it still doesn't work can you help me Its like the developers chose to remove the best features while emphasizing the worst. Obviously aimed at the great unwashed masses playing this game requires you to lower both your expectations and your IQ. Its better than the first two Meh. EVERYTHING WAS MEH. Lots of things could've been better, and I didn't like the play style. Use your money on something worthwhile! An awesome game ...and it was worth it! I actually spent 4 straight hours playing it without realizing it. Meh.. Yet another game that doesn't take advantage of immersive mode. Screen real estate is a premium on mobile devices and the navigation bar serves no purpose while you are gaming. Please enable immersive mode. I have a few tech problems but I really like the game Definite 5* game, had to reinstall and lost my progress after an update but could have just been my phone so I won't complain.. Loved the first game and this is even better!! Can't login to Google play even using the Cheetos menu for login is broken. Can't get achievements if it doesn't get fixed. Awsome game.  Hands down, the best game I have played on my phone ever.  No issues found playing on the Galaxy 5.  Also, I had a question about the update, I email them, and they responded within one day. I think this game is an amazingly fun piece of work that keeps me entertained for hours, as I decide who does what and what faction I should kill Only fun for a couple of hours. Same events happen. Same mission in campagin just longer each time. Far better than the first or second, like a combination of the two plus way more. Well worth every cent. Time consuming game. Easily my favorite mobile game ever.  So much to do, so many customization options, and so interactive.  This is everything a good game should be! Best game in play store! Epic gaming... for my coffee break?  Yes, please and thank you! I love the game I really do but it's hard to overlook the fact that it freezes my phone after leaving the app and coming back. I've play rebuild since it first came out with rebuild 1 and overall this is worth the money and a must buy. Great game.  Should tide me over til fallout 4 rolls around Love it This game is really fun and succeeds in most of what it tries to do, however there are way too many bugs and glitches that ruin it. The menus can take several presses to open and occasionally freeze when opening. Things take way too long to click on,etc Can't sleep! This is a great game. I love it. But it keeps freezing. I cant play long periods of time without it freezing. I am impressed with the overall game quality, I just wish the menu can be improved (such as the equipment menu, its good to see your characters it at the same time it takes up too much space for actually selecting the items) One of the best Zombie survival/sim games out there, worth buying. It's everything I want in a hybrid strategy/RPG.  I played the free ones online, but this is miles ahead.  I keep draining my phone battery playing this. Turn-based, Simcity style mixed with Fallout Shelter and Zombies ! Love that kind of strategy game. Graphics are great and there is a lot of options and story. Even just more of the same would be fantastic. This? Hell yeah! Fantastic game, I own on on pc (steam) a little disappointed that I had to purchase it again The first was incredible, and this one blows its predecessor out of the water Good game but it becomes a little repetitive. Loved the series ive played rebuild since the first one came out but ive found a glitch where i cant advance time anymore itll just say im paused and i can only advance if i switch to next day time instead of a custom time which is a bad idea for the careful strategy you need on this game can you please fix this or get back to me on this Game takes too much ram for people on low end phones to enjoy. Otherwise looks great! Well done Sarah, your the king........Your the Queen, you know what I mean....I think... May I please have my money back? I thought maybe u gave up on this, I've been waiting n waiting. AND IT'S FINALLY HERE!!!! Woooo. Already know it'll be great. Might edit after I actually play it, hehe. I've been waiting for this game since I first laid eyes on it. Praise this game, praise the Sun, and praise Miss Northway! Computerized whack-a-mole.   Little more.  Never any feeling that you're winning, very not fun. Great sequel that delivers. It's very easy to loose hours while engrossed in building my fort. I'm always a fan of your games. I wish I could zoom in on the map more. Best game ever This game makes the previous one look like a demo.  Same concept, same gameplay except with more things going on.  Love the turf wars and fractions concept. Additional skills and back story is also a nice touch. I enjoy the pace of the story line where I get to rebuild one town at a time. Definitely worth the $5. Really anticipated the latest rebuild as no.1 was great but after paying my part i'm greatly dissappointed with the bugs in rebuild 3 HUD buttons all show duplicates of what looks like a wooden barricade image? Unable to differentiate what buttons do what nor navigate my town. Quite saddenned please fix :( will re rate if fixed. I don't like the game, and now I'm out of $5. No refund option. This game takes you through a good campain, but even the quick plays tell a story every time you send your people outside the safety of your walls.  5 of 5 I'm impressed, this sequel is amazing. I recommend this to anyone . I loved the first rebuild but the third generation of this game is a beast. You can tell how passionate the developers are on this series. I am completely hooked. This game improves hardcore on its previous prequel. This game is incredible! An amazing value for $5. Many hours and hours of entertainment. A great story, interesting gameplay, and a good amount of strategy. I'm very impressed. Not even played it yet but I've been waiting for this, loved rebuild 2 and I know I'll love this! Rebuild is the best survial strategy zombie game out there but horrible visual glitches all i could see was go I'd like to write a rave review for this, I really do. I loved the original game. This game is definitely an improvement over the first and it's a lot of fun. The choices and the strategy has been significantly expanded with stuff like factions. However the game gets pretty repetitive and monotonous after a while. Much improved on the sequel I was really excited about this game, but the graphics didn't work on my android!  Instead of icons for missions etc, all I got were these weird glitch boxes.  It made the game confusing and unplayable, and I really hope that an update fixes this. One of the best games available in this marketplace This game is nothing like the classic rebuild. It's pretty tedious and annoying. I wish it was turn based like before. I would love to get a refund on this!! Big fan of the first two. Nice expansion. A little tough on a smaller device (s5) but great nonetheless. Like the first game but with a crazy amount of cool stuff added! I feel like this version is missing out by having real time instead of turn based like the others. I've played rebuild 1 it's seems like a 1000 times. And I  still have it. But they really took it to another level with rebuild 3. Worth every cent. The internet needs this game. I would rate it 6/5 stars if I could. It's alright but I preferred rebuild 2. I love this game!!! Keep it coming for part 4 n u can have my money for it. Am i able to progress firther?? I loved the original when it first came out and I absolutely love these little improvements with customization and increased diversity of items, events and personalities. It makes for a more personal approach which completely sucks you right in with all its docile love and morbid sadness. I am a fan of the original Rebuild on Android and have been waiting for this game to arrive. Great strategy game with an RPG feel and a post-apocalyptic, zombie filled environment. Like the addition of factions Nice Never played the first two (the second one must be so awesome it can no longer be found) but so glad i finally found you. Starts good. Gets really challenging by the 4th city. Niiiiiice Amazing game its worth 5 bucks Not smooth loading times are ridiculous Guess it's not optimized for my phone. I've been waiting for this a long time! Bought it didn't waste my money Once you learn how to play and how it works it's a great game. This is no fremium game. It's all game play and completely worth it. Awesome game, a 200% improvement on the original which was also an awesome game! I JUST LUV REBUILD Love the game and have played since it was on armorgames great game but had a weird glitch in Moses lake where the last judgment gang completely disappeared after I did a mission for them. It gave me credit for killing them so it's not technically game breaking. Hope it's patched for others I played the original and followed up on its sequel, Rebuild 2 and am now playing this one. Though gameplay may be similar, it is has new mechanics and more things to do. After playing it for the first time, I was immediately addicted to it as it is a wonderful way to pass time The game rocks. Mrs. Northway knows how to build a game. When is rebuild 4 coming out? Loved the first game.  Loving this one more.  More depth, more options, more fun. Great game Fun game, except when there is constantly 4+ zombie mobs at your walls 24/7. A reduce in these would be great. I just couldn't get into the first Rebuild game and I normally don't get into strategy games as much as some other genres anyway, but this game is fabulous and I'm loving every minute of it!!! It's finally here. That was a crazy long wait. Hello, good Job... I look forward to playing your game! Take care... One of the best mobile games I have ever played. Agreed with the shut up and take my money comment. Bought this on steam in early access on steam and its worth buying it a second time to have it on my phone. It's not very often I play on a sequel to a game where the developers have improved the right areas of a game of the previous game. Had this for 2 days now.. it was a little confusing at first but quickly got the hang of it. There's a lot more to the game which adds a massive amount of replay value in comparison to the first game which I got the most of out. I was pessimistic about buying this but if you're on the fence about buying this then I'd take the plunge and get it because it's definitely worth it Keep on the good work Sarah!!! I'll keep supporting you! So easy to lose hours on this, very absorbing. Did I miss something or is there no cloud save so I can play the same save on multiple devices? I think its better than the original..it has more depth..it just feels more smooth..i never played part 2, but im sure this is the best one. Awesome game. (even though it took fooorrrreeevveerrrr)!! I can finally delete that freemium 💩 fallout shelter & walking dead. Damn good game!! Seriously everything this woman makes is pure fu*king gold. Buy this game and you won't regret it. Rebuild is the only Turn based Game I've played and waited patiently for 3 Thank you Sarah Northway for creating this series. Never sell it As soon as I read online that this was out I bought it. The first Rebuild game drained my battery with me playing it so much and after the first 15 minutes of playing this game that expands so well on the original...I know I'm going to have to keep my charger handy. This is going to be replayable for a very long time! I waited so long for it being on mobile and so far I'm truly enjoying it. Its more strategy and in depth of managing and detail. Able to play it on the go with it using a high amount of data usage and not a big battery hog. Thank u for doing this best purchase so far. I've played Rebuild, Rebuild 2, and I loved them. Now Rebuild 3 is out?! It's cool that you can kind of RP it. I start the game and after naming the town it goes to the loading and than kicks me off piz fix this I'm running a 4.4.2 tablet thx Fairly easy to pick up and almost impossible to put down.  Tons of re-playability with the procedurally generated maps.  Should really make it to Editor's Choice. This is a very engaging and deep game. No problems with it at all. Thanks I love the PC version, and I am thrilled to be able to take it with me. Thanks Northway! I waited so long for this game! When i was 11 I had play this game in pc but it was only one mansion and nothing more, now, it available on mobile I am so exciting to play this game! But I give it to rated for 4 star is because the control is uncomfortable but gameplay is fun. This is an amazing game! I played this when i was younger and found it recentley i didnt know they had more games i thought it was just the mansion! Totally worth the money! I found this game on the web years ago maybe 3 but I saw this and I knew this was the orignal game that I played. Adorable, fun and really entertaining! every thing about this game is great. the characters are cute, its mostly family friendly, the controls are easy to get used to, and theres lots of levels to chose from. its a great game and totally worth $1.99. A clasic Love the game i used to play it when i was young I love it, but I think the controls could be better. I'd prefer if there's a joystick to move the ghost around Loved it since I was little To me its a fun game i did play this when i was in middle school Cute and fun game :) Very very good game! Fun game to play!! like the design yall made.And also I played this game when I was like 6-7 years old lol and then when I was 10 I was remembering the games I played that were very good and thought of this one.But the AI are annoying! Yes,I know the difficulty. Overall very good game, theirs cool levels and the new one is cool too! Awesome music!!! 5 stars. Recommended. This is a great game no im not a bot I just don't know how to change my user icon and I've had this account ever since 2016 I was thinking about 3 stars but all you do is click buttons. I could be really great if there were more mecanics. intreaging but i conclusion not to great... But the whole "posses objects and spook people" is good! The grafics are (personally) my favorate bit! All in all it could be better... First played as a flash game. Still just as quirky and fun. I love the game Loved this game on my desktop a few years back. Fun app. Just wish there were a few more levels. Super fun game! Multiple different modes to play in too! amazing. The game is impossible to control and its super hard to scare someone away. it is a very fun and funny game in my opinion. Love it Needs more levels and there's a glitch were the people don't move I was going to give it 4, but the ghost train level is unbelievably frustrating that it lost a star for it. Making the last 4 AI just ignore where I'm scaring them from and making them run TOWARDS me just do they run in the opposite direction of the exit isnt increasing difficulty, its cheating the player and ruining the systems you had in place. I spent 10 minutes trying to get the last ai off the train before I just quit and came to leave this review. Childhood classic. The mansion house has such a nice charm to it that I will never forget. The Last person will take about 1 hour to leave... Its annoying and im start getting bored and angry.... One star for this stupid game Last dude didt want to leave left me with a headache when i was a high schooler, the mansion r so popular here and we cant play the terror town bcus we got no smartphone yet. couple years later i randomly search for this game and bought it, turns out haunt the house added more houses like north pole, theatre, cruise, hospital and more XD omg what a joyful surprise, imagine the mansion are enough to makes me happy but the game developer gave more houses and other ghost to haunt the human! north pole is my favorite~ cus i love christmas😌 I played this game when I was in kindergarten it's so fun!!!!!!!!!!!! My god i love this game. It's both creepy and adorable af. Very nice. I missed playing this game Amazing app! its really cute and fun love it! Plz we want more levels this game is so fun plz. And the art draw is so cute and a music is so grate. This game is really good i totally recommend!👍its so addicting and fun specially in the lockdown when you have nothing to do.Yes we need to pay but that is the only thing 😊💜 Hehe you can kill people Love. And Very cute ghosts I would like more levels please. I just like it IDK why 🙁 this game is SCARY CUTE I love it :) Fun and cute and spooky. Its a fun game but its really challenging ! I love this game and its art style. I wish it had more levels or actively showed you the achievements you need to get. Maybe even daily activities. I usually quickly tap around and you cant really do this in this game unless you want chaos. All in all a great game I would definitly spend the money to get this maybe even add ons if they had them. PSA: For everyone who is new to this game. It's recommended that you try "Terror Town" level first because it has much better tutorials then other levels. There, it actually tells you what to do rather than just you reading the tutorials it! This game absolutely incredible! For its price this game this 100% worth it. 👻🤍👻 Good game for passing time. Its addicting. Its my childhood game. Thats awesome🖤🖤 Fun, I love it it has 4 levels and is epic I suggest Needs more levels I like the graphics. I like the animation. I like the gameplay. And I like the look of the game A lot of fun, good way to kill some time. And I love all the easter eggs and refrences It's a good very good game but their not many options to play on. It's was fun at first but it get bored after u tried all the stuffs and objects. The developer did not update the game and I'm quite disappointed because everything is the same for almost 2 years. Hope they can update some new functions, objects or tasks to make the game more interesting. Really fun !!! I wish there were more places to haunt ! Fun game I remember this game when it was on Adult Swim. The controlls are a little more difficult, but not so bad. Love it. Been playing online since the early 2010s and so happy to see you've added new ghosts and locations. I love this game so much♥️ Excelente juego uwu It's a good game the movement is a bit to fast but it's still enjoyable. I played this game before on PC still great game ^-^. This game is adorable, addicting, and super fun. 8 love the art and music. There's so much you can do! It's a good game but the controls aren't that good. You go a little to fast and there should be like a joystick or something to help you move around. Overall a good game to play if you're bored. Good Simple game for kill time. Recommended it when you bored. Love this game. Wish it was longer. The pause button is in an awkward place. Would be nice to possess people. :) This game was my childhood I love this game! The cute little ghost sounds and the creative ways to scare the people make this game so fun. I kinda want to dress up my own little ghosty friend, but the creators did a super cute job already. Best game I ever played it, been playing it since I was a kid I recommend for u to download this game. It's best even tho sometime I hate the controller It's a cute game. i cant even get in the game >:c I LOVE THIS GAME!!! The only thing I could suggest to make it better is to add more levels to the game. I LOVE it, I love how you can possess objects and make people scream at the top of there lungs, but...there's this bug on the mobile version where you can not depossess objects, please fix it for me. For now...I LOVE LOVE LOVE it. Needs better controls. It would be so much better to play is the pause button wasn't right in the way and it was friendlier to bigger phones. I love it, but SO HARD to play with the current controls. It's a pointless game. And that's the excitement in this game Hard to play on the phone pretty fun but gets old kids quickly. fun to mess around and stuff, though. Adorable Its a fun game Wish they updated it every Halloween <3 Cute! Fun! Easy to play! Xbox live Wallpaper its great Super fun and great to play when I have free time. offline! I didn't get to play it. The game got stuck on the Google games screen. I loved this game since I first played the online version! I know the object is to scare the people out of the house, rather than to have them jump out a window, but that's more fun! I hope this game is updated with more levels, I could play this for hours! Cute :3 This game is just too CUTE!!!! Its a lot of fun. Cool..I like play this game in Pc but in android you just add more interesting level 😊 appreciate that..i hope you add more level after this Awesome game The best game of 2019 Very haunting really fun possesing objects More of an interactive story book (minus the story) than a game. The description as a side scrolling action puzzle game is very generous/misleading and while it's obvious that a lot of time and effort went into this title, I found myself bored of the concept after about ten minutes. From the description I was expecting something like Ghost Trick. Guess I should've watched a trailer first. Everyday T'is HALLOWEEN to me! It good but make more levals for like an update Its cute and fun, what more can you ask for? I tried this as a 13 year old, and hated it, but i like it now, its calming. Add more, also you should be able to take small items out of rooms in mansion I actually loved this game, then I forgot the name but now I've found it ad I'm very happy! Basically no ads. I like this game, but the controls are something you need to get used to on mobile :) i know about the haunted house It's spooky and adorable ♡ very cool! Really cute and relaxing game with unique and fun scares! I would love if it had a few more levels, not cuz it's too short but because it's so lovely to kill time with (: Encore! loved the online game. simply adore the app. DEFINITELY WORTH SPENDING MONEY Add more content So cute, love it. The only thing i can complain about is wanting more levels it a beat game fo all time it it's fun this is probobly one of the best phone games ive played the only thing is the AI is very annoying due to a lot of random chance and no way of really preventing leading to absurdly long rounds or a really bad score I love this game so much. very fun and cute game! This was a childhood classic of mine and now I'm glad I re-played on moblie, maybe not the most spectacular game but it's one that brings good memories. The best game every!!!! this is a good game i love it !!!!! Honestly, this has to be one of the most boring, pointless games I've ever had the misfortune to play. There is no plot, no explanation, no storyline- nothing. It's just tapping on random objects to possess them, and moving them slightly to scare people. That's it, that's literally the entire game. I kinda hate myself for wasting $2 on this literal garbage. my wrist is killing me from rigerous tapping this is 2 part but 1 part i had playing but now it SO AMZAING I PLAYING when i was 9 now i am 11 year old i playing it 1 part I LOVE IT VERY MUCH wonderful game always fun to play I used to play this game on my computer and now that ive found it on mobile it brings back memorys. Fun game! It is a great time killer. why no update moreee levell Words can't explain how boring this game is... refunddd!!!!!!! Really love the game, but when possessing thingsit freezes for a sec.Other then that this is an amazing game. It is soooo boring this is grat really fun legit five stars not much to say but it's a great game one of my favorite games on my phone I hope they add new levels! Great! This game is just as good as I remember it. It always supplies a fun-filled, spooky joy ride. I remember playing this game a long time ago and so playing it again brings back lots of memories, I haven't played for long but it seems that there are not a lot of levels but it is still a good game. Can we still have a refund if we delete it the touch control needs an improvement. Since I first played this game I was 12 and ever since I have gotten obsessed with the game so I had to buy the entire game and i'm obsessed. This game is awesome,creative,and relaxing. I think its an a amazing game i wish got this sooner and if i ever did want it in the past im pretty sure that I'll keep this game forever It's good the first few times then it's boring. Great game and really fun. The different effects of haunting each object is creative and scaring the people is always fun lol. its so cute and funny and i love the ghosts in the game they should make more levels and it'll be much more fun great game! needs a nobody ecapes mode so you can have fun scaring crowds of people. No longer works on Android 9.0 Please add new levels I've missed this game alot. And now I was searching for a game to install in my phone. And I found this game. So grateful to find this game again. 👍 I would love to play then rate this game. But it won't open for me. I bought this app and it only crashes. Disappointed. The B button does not work on AndroidTv, tried console controller and android controller and tv remote, nothing works, B is just acting as Back. Extremely dissapointed, bought it fot my AndroidTv MS8 PRO L Whenever I try to load it I am met with an error :/ The game is awesome Coolnesses Works great. I remember playing this on PC many years ago. On my Google pixel, the game won't open. I don't know if it is my nostalgia talking from the first game when i was still in school, but this game was fun. I love this game, I really do. I played it on PC all the time. But when I bought it on my phone it just crashes when I try to open it. Could you show how how to fix it or give me a refund? AWESOME This is so good eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! love it I played this on the computer as a kid, and I LOVED it. After finding that  it had a mobile version it was worth the $1.99 i'm in love with this game 😆🙌🏽 Will not install on my tab 4. If I get a response from developer with a fix  or a refund, will chance my rating. The best game SOOOOOOOOO not worth the 2 dollars. It gets boring after a few times  playing it. All you do is posses things and the goal is to scare the people  out of the house in a short amount of time so you dont have time to have  fun with the game. This game should be free rather than 2$. Waste of money,  please don't get this game Adorable and SCARY what more could you want?! Love it so so much! Maybe  money but totally worth it!👻+💖=Worth it I played this game when I was a kid it was really fun. But while playing  the mobile version I easily became bored. There's not much to do. A lot has  been put into the amount of scares you can do but over time it just gets  boring. You do the same thing over and over again Love it! Found this game and thought my kids would find it amusing. After trying this for myself, it can get repetitive, but there are enough objects to "possess" that one could make their own fun. The theme and graphics are exceptional. The controls take some getting used to, but once one does, it's not hard to navigate. It runs well so far. I think my kids will like it and I'm content with my purchase thus far. WOOOOO I HAVENT PLAYED THIS VERSION BUT I LOVED THE FREE VERSION NOW THERE IS SO MUCH MORE THNGS TO SCARE PEOPLE WITH I liked it a lot, but I don't think it was worth spending money on. This game is so funny I like how you get to scare people and you have some of the people to be!!!! 🤗:D It's a good game... For when your bored and have no Internet that is... Make a online mode where whoever scares most people wins? Anyway great game but eh how do I get a refund? Pretty good but very short The ghost is so chibi!love it♡♡♡ Its so fun! This games is so cute and addictive I love it Great game and totally love it! 😍 pls update this game Please make more levels! This is the best game ever!!!!! So fun perfect for Halloween  L BEST GAME EVER I LOVE IT😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀💛💜💚💙💓💜💚💓💛 Awesome 👌 Enjoyable till to finish the main career. Someone jumped out the window ... and died...LOL Like it Refun sfb game suck refun I want my refund 👻👻👻👻👻👻👻👻 I think this game best.hahhahahhahahahahaha It's ok IT'S SO ADORAABLE I LOVE IT :D This is the greatest app ever! I love the app it is good and fun to play! The game freezes randomly and I lose my progress. NPCs are buggy. I really enjoyed the original flash game, but I feel like I've wasted my money on the app. It's a good thing that this game is compatible with a Bluetooth gamepad, nice game overall, but one thing that I hate is that the last person is the hardest to get rid off, great game though played the first version on my computer once, glad there is an Android version with controller compatibility Great game. Wish there were more levels though. :) I WANT A REFUND!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's creepy hilarious scaring others . Perfect for non scarers. Its ok but not enough levels Awesome but pls add more Great game loved the detective grimoire reference I would love to play this game but it won't download. Please fix this. Cutest gohst ever! Fun game IT WON'T GIVE ME A REFUND FOR MY MONEY but otherwise it's a really good game Refund please It's awesome game with a ghost making people frightened and we can get fun in making them afraid I already paid and play this game for a long time. Now im switching to newer device, why my old data can not be found? Very fun Awesome At first it started to work really well, then it took longer to load, but I shrugged it off and waited. Now, it won't load at all. If you can get back to me on this issue, or fix it, this review will be changed to 5 stars. Thanks! Awesome and addictive! I hope there will be new places to explore if they ever update this game! Iv always loved this game Too spooky for me:-) Awsome game also i have played the old version before and it cool that you put that here too It is fun and awesome It was amazing i wish there was more update I have one question will more levels come out besides the train  one You could just as easily download an apk, or go play the original game. The price isn't worth the payout. The game literally put me to sleep last night I think it's a good game to play cuz you get to  be a ghost. I can't even start the game without it crashing. Refund. The game is awesome and I love the update and can u bring more I wish more games could be like this and have the charm and fun like this one. I FRIGING LOVE THIS GAME! Great game It's fun for a while until you beat the game and keep replaying It I want a refund It's amazing totally worth the money I saw someone play it and I was so excited to play it but when I try to play a level it crashes I've ran across sooo many glitches that I coundnt finish half of the lvl, and you get to kill children, if they get really scared they comite suicide... suicide is a extremely bad thing, I can think of one good thing and that is deleting the freaking game. The ghost are adorable and I love it when you ohhhhhhh Good Merp. When I tried to delete it for my money back it wouldn't it only said delete like it wanted my money all to itself! Fun 😀 :D Error 492 plz help Fun at first but it crashed and there is  no tech support Its a verry good gàme So cute! ♡_♡ Best The game itself is super fun if not a little repetitive but that is a minor problem, also the people in this rating thread asking for a refund, it's 1.99$ so get over it, the only reason you can't play or enjoy the game is because you. I initially found this game on itch.io and thought it looked great. I was so surprised to discover it was made by SFB! I've been a fan of them since their Newgrounds days so that was pretty cool to reconnect with their work and see they're still making stuff. Anyway, this game is really fun, if a bit difficult (once the people get really scared it's hard to keep up with them to get that final spook in to make them leave). I'm really enjoying it and glad I spent the money. Don't worry about it and it is so good Nothing else loved it im serious The game graphics is very good but everytime I barley tap on a spot I speed to somewhere I didn't tap.            P.S Money Back plz Fan of original (see abc3 website)  and had to get this LOVE IT 😘😍💗 I hate it This game is so awesome I want to play every day I love this game Just wish there were more levels, I beat this in an hour and a half but it's still a great game with a cool atmosphere. Very spoooooooooooooky!!! It reminds me of over the garden wall, and fall. Amazing game! I like the new levels but can there be more buildings added to the Terrortown like a Pet Store, Fancy Restaurant, Mall, and Bowling Alley? Please, please, please. Best game ever I wish u could play online and become human though All you do is fly around and scare people.It is not worth 1.98.do not download this It is like the funnest thing ever. AWSOME How do I get. My money back from this game? I liked it very much. I love the little noises that you make and it's fun to play The ghost is so cute nice job The last person is always the hardest to scare. It keeps running its cycle. Back and fort, I dunno if their role isn't completely set, 'cause I'm the one who's getting sick of it. Please update their movement please. Please!!! This is a super fun game, and it is overflowing with detail. Great value and great game. I would recommend this. What my money back, it doesn't download and I have enough storage, I have 3 Gigabytes , it won't let me refund. I played this game for a couple of hours to wake me up this morning, and now all I can hear is the screams of the innocent.  So 5/5 best game! Its a rearly cool game but THE CONTROLS ARE TERIBLE pleese chainge them I ASK FOR ABOUT 4 MONTH AND NEVER GOT IT. I NEED MY MONEY BACK NOW Just bought this game today. Shuts down. Refund please. Can't download after purchase please help or money back J This game is so frustrating I'll get in and the second I start playing the game logs me out.😡😠😤😧 Want refund NOW. Won't work, but boring. Won't even let me get my money back, lame.tell me how to get a refund for this lame game . Need the ability to rate 0 stars. Make a good game or a bad refundable one. Looks cute&fun, but isn't Easy to play and can be entertaining when bored I &lt;3 this game! I want a refund this game sucks How  why terable I tryed to download it MANY TIMES ( on the Samsung tablet) now i want a refund!! Once out of the game, it wouldn't stop, had to uninstall the game to get it to stop playing the music. I cant even play a level before it crashes It very glichie and lags a bit. Yesterday it said refund today it did not so I cant get my money back. This is such a throwback to when this game was only on computer and I absolutely loved it! ITS ALWAYS CRASHINg AND BTW WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO POSSES PEOPLE THAT WOULD BE REALLY COOL Frequent updates... ok. Can't even play the game do not download I beg u 😠😬😡 😈 👻💲💵💰:-( :'( I love the original haunt the house, and when I saw there was a sequel I had to have it. It lives up to expectation, mostly. However I have been experiencing some graphical glitches and game freezes which decrease the games enjoyability. Also, in the original, there where different end portraits based on how many people commit suicide, I wouldn't mind seeing that here too but that is a minor point .   Edit; The Visual glitches and freezes I was experiencing have for the most part been  fixed, there still are some minor ones, but it is much better now, and doesn't detract from the enjoyability If you have a samsung tablet do not purchase this app as it freezes and shuts down. Money back please. :) I love it! I used to play it on pc when i was in primary school and im so happy to hear that this game has its very own andtoid ver but i hate the way we move the ghost,i hope there woul be a move pad like minecraft because its too hard to move to the accurate place,will gift 5 atat if you answer me atleast I have been scarring 1 person for 4 hours! Every time I scare them to the exit they don't run out of the area they run back to the part that I originally scared them at! I WANT A REFUND Please add more content. Excellent graphics and entertaining gameplay. Great fun It sucks Ok....so usually I don't like games like this. But this changed everything. When I first saw this game I thought it was a waste of $1.99. But my friend said I should really play this game. So I did and I loved it. So it wasn't a waste of $1.99. If you could really make more games like this p!ease do. We used to play this everyday on my mom's computer but then it broke so then my mom got a new computer and it still had that game on it because the last computer was updated to that computer so yeah we love this game so much The game is great if you're  in a Halloween  or just a fun loving mood. The bigger levels can get repetitive but there's such a variety of actions and objects that you can make your own fun, mostly by limiting yourself to experiment and try new things. It's a game that encourages  that  kind of thinking. The downside is that it won't  play on my new Samsung galaxy, which is a shame. A great game like this deserves a bigger screen, It is so much fun kids and grown-ups will love it Its not allowing me to play and crashing won't give five till fixed its an awesome game cos pewdes played Very fun and cute game finally got fixed I've played a demo version of this game online and I loved it, but after buying the app to play more it hasn't loaded even once Always error when download This is the best game I've ever played! And I'm so happy the bug was fixed! This is a perfect sequel for this game! You guys did a fanatical job on this game! And defiantly is creepy when it happens! I cannot WAIT for the next update! 😄😄😄😄 It's really fun but it takes a pretty long time to get the game Tried a dozen times to load the game on my Nexus Player but keeps crashing before I can actually play.  Will increase my rating as soon as the bugs are fixed and I can play it! I love this game better than minecraft. Mods! Fix the bugs please :( Won't install, error 18 I have storage space, Samsung tab4 A fun game and I love the constant level updates and I feel like after enough updates this game can become a amazing game. Good work and worth the money. so many bug Would be an awesome 5 star game if they would fix the black screen/loss of progress when you finish a level.  Sort of pointless at the moment. Really love the game but Every time I finish the game, it don't responding and worse Im going to start over again... why it's happening to my device please fix this bug I played the other versions and I love this one even more But I beat one level and then it game would never open again just a black screen After the board gets cleared the game freezes. Awesome I love the pc game and it's really a shame that this won't even load please help!!! Everytime i win a game or level it just goes pitch black? I really like this game but it's still really buggy after you finished the level, it hangs, never loads. Please fix this :) It gets frustrating that it freezes every time that I finish a level and I don't think I am receiving achievements as well. Please fix the bugs so that this game is playable for everyone. It crashes so often. Mainly when I complete a level and then I lose my progress. This is a good game so please fix. It's a fun game but I finished the town one and it shows my grade then freezes everytime. Fun casual game Absolutely adorable and very fun. Still having the freezing issues with the new update. I but it but it wont install can you somehow get the game on my tablet I LOVE this game, especially the cute characters. I found myself searching for merchandise the other day.  However I cannot complete a level. Either I'll scare away everyone and the level will freeze or the counter will be inaccurate, saying there's one person left with no one in sight.  Nexus 6, 6.0 Screen goes black after finishing terrortown. Freezes on other levels. I've made sure all other apps are shut down and it still runs glitchy. Fix this and I'll give it a better rating. As it stands, I've wasted my money Won't download I paid and still wont Help It freezes whenever I scare everybody out and never tracks my time. Unable to play anymore. Stoped working..... would be lots of fun if it worked better.... But I'm trying to download it but it always stops on 98% and won't do anymore As title says; good game but...it tends to freeze and crash after completion of a level. Which makes it very aggravating. If fixed it'll be much better and then perhaps a better rating. However until then, this is the rating I'm giving it because I cannot complete the game fully. The game was great, but with the latest update, it hangs at the end of every game I play. As soon as I scare everyone out of the area, it just hangs and won't end the level so I can get my score. Please fix this. I LOVE this game! And it's not too often that I absolutely love games. This game is simple, fun, addictive, and- FUN! get it now! Liked this game. Reminded me with the old game with flash player based The music got Stuck to my phone screen Loved it :) Broken after latest update on Nexus Player. Please update in time for Halloweeeeeen! Woo! Best game EVER, wait I mean Boo u suck, wait no sorry my bad, best game, well its problably like in 9th place Simple, fun and very addictive. Great app. Miles ahead of similar ones. The game is cool and good Haunt the House is a great time waster with fantastic aesthetic, just don't expect to have any difficulty completing the levels. The game is also fairly short, but definitely worth the price tag. So cute and fun!! I love this game! The game doesn't even load! I have a HTC One m9 so it's not like my phone is old, very disappointed The game lacked depth and too short and casual for its price. This game will not load on my Nexus 6. I bought it for my son to play on a road trip but get stuck on the initial loading screen. It won't load on galaxy s5     this is why I hate to buy a game without a free trial, so hopefully this will be fixed Beat it I like a day This is a decent mostly non violent Halloween game. I would consider this to be a family friendly app This is a really fun game! I love playing it. The only thing I don't love about it is when game characters get caught in a loop and keep running around screaming, but won't leave. I want more levels Terrible game for weaker phones. I'd appreciate an option to toggle graphics rather than just sound. The game is a lot of fun but very difficult to play when it's lagging so badly!! Could I have a refund? I mean it pools fun, but I couldn't get it to open! It took me to my home screen. I love it its best I like that cat ghost Needs more levels and it would be fun to posses people too. Plz think about the possessing people part. MOREMOREMOREMOREMORE please? Edit : yep, this is still a favourite & I'm SO HAPPY to see new levels still being added. We're always sad when we finish a new one, but this game just keeps giving : ) This is a well made and addicting game, but with the new update the game keeps closing on the loading screens. Very fun game while chasing boredom away. If only there were more levels... Loved it It's a really nice game, well worth the money. In the next update it would be more detter for costomization and more girls that are actuly attractive please This game is bae to the extreme and i rate it 349/210 Great, boatloads of fun at your fingertips! Its a really nice game, with a nice art style (except the lonely mansion) and music. The only part lacking is the storyline. I see a huge potential especially with the four setting in the first part of the game. The last area, lonely mansion, was very poorly designed, art style was inconsistent with the other levels and definelty not as scary as the other levels. This game was fun but shame there wasn't more levels. I hope they add more soon Nothing but good to say about this game. Good job sfb games! :-) Loveeee it! So cute and spookyy,, need more level ❤ cant wait for future update! Hi I'm a ghost All the ghost wanted was a family Amazing but needs more levels I love the game and all, but it needs an update! Unique gameplay, great overall. Nice music too. I only wish there was more locations to spook people. I can't wait until you guys make a sequel. Make it bigger please, possibly with a story. Maybe even enemies that can hurt the ghost, like a priest or something. I'll gladly support that game too, thanks. Buggy mess made my phone crash constantly don't download I just wish it had more levels and it looks a bit glitchy in my galaxy 6... Boo Its good to get a brake from getting scared and its so cute the ghost is like get out of my house lol I can't download it it says i dont have enough space in my sd card or usb storage but OMG i have 32GB memory in my sd card so please help me ; it still not working 😧😢😭 I used to enjoy the free PC version of this game and was excited that it became an App. The game itself is kind of short depending on how fast you can scare people,  but it's still fun to play over and over again. One of the best games I have ever played! Plz make it free I'm a long time fan of the original HTH, and this mobile version is just as much as a delight as it was when I first played it on PC. Well worth the 2 bucks for all of the effort put into this little gem, you will find yourself having a blast scaring residents/visitors out of the building with all of the unique ways to frighten them. I still beat it in 10 min but great game I love it never getting rid of it👻👻👻👻👻 ITS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡★★★★☆★★☆★★★♡♡♥♥♡★☆☆★♡♡★★♡♡♡★★♡★★♡★★♡♡★★♡♡♡}★♡[♡★♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡★♡♡♡♥♥♥♡    ♥[]♥ Great game I love this game its so fun So cute To easy refund I can't scare the people in the hous It was the best game i ever played when i was a  child. It is a good game Just Like Rating Games It's a cool game but it need more levels!! I can't find the old man COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL Thank you so much for fixing the shield controller glitch I can now enjoy the game without accidentally pausing the game every 5 seconds :) I recommend this game to everyone it is very fun and addictive You need more levels Anyone who can buy games or likes puzzles, play this game😸 I just wish the creator made more difficult puzzles ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥love♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥love♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥love Cute, but too short. It's not the game that is the problem its the number of levels. It was fun until I ran out of levels. Should have more levels I've been trying to download it many times it has been saying can't install on USB or SD card and other people can download this SO UNFAIR! I love  how you can switch characters and stuff but can you add multiplayer and more maps because I want to play with my bro and I completed both of the maps over 20 times !! I need  a refund I bought this, it crashed every time ! REFUND! The art style is great and all the animations are awesome, but I beat it way too fast and the gameplay was just too similar and repetitive Its a bit short but is very fun. Not enough levels, I could finish them all in one hour, please give us More levels, once I become a youtuber,  I will support your games!!! ☺✨❤ :3 Very blurry on galaxy s6 here are some things to improve:  More levels please! Make two exits on each house, more things to enter as a ghost to creep people out and put more people in the houses so you have more time to explore the house and make the game last longer. Thanks! When I was bored I would  play this game  and I love how I always  scar  the people Love it the little ghost is so cute I just wish it wouldn't take so long to download and start up I permanently move the haunt(s) that is haunting myself and Leti and Nick and the rest of my family and ex-wife Crystal to this app I paid for under virtual actions for the effect of not haunted or NH. I love playing this game. I just can't help but cackle like a madwoman every time I play. Haunt the House makes me so happy! It's made me look forward to my inevitable death because I hope to become a delightfully spooky spirit that haunts my home. Boo! I played the original on the computer and I remember playing on it for hours. When I saw it on play store I HAD to get it I was suprised to see all the new features. Thanks for making me feel nostalgic. One problem. Occasional graphical glitches. Other than that great game! Will not install. I loved this game years back on the computer, imagine my surprise when I finally found the game as an app, not to mention you improved it with more levels, new characters and the fact that we can now carry it in our pockets :D ! Love it love it love it love it love it love it!!!!!!!! Interesting idea, but no challenge in the game whatsoever. Love the concept of the game but it's saying that there is one more person in the museum but there isn't please fix and I will gladly give 5 stars Enjoyable.  But fans are right there needs to be more levels, side missions, specials, Easter eggs, events, possibly a multiplayer with different ghosts in all levels able to chat with boos, and challenges that I scare these people with this and other ghost has to scare them more to get that point. Creative mind I have I can go on and on. If you don't make better I will start an app game and take the fame you could had have it is good Wouldn't freakin refund!!!!!! Great game - problems with control on Samsung devices. VERY responsive developer is doing his best to get it fixed and an update  is coming. Hooray! I love the game but can anyone explain why in the museum I'm always missing one person!!!??? i wish there were a lot more levels to play but other that i loved the game I brought the game ans it said it can't be installed because where I live but it didn't give me a refund It doesn't even work when I tried getting on my screen was grey and I can't get my refund I've played this on my PC and when I saw on the app store I was like /)0w0(\ Please Update more Feature :) Trying to get your family back to you i have a lot of free space on my phone and i bought this game then suddenly it says    "ERROR DOWNLOADING HAUNT THE HOUSE: terror town there is insuficient space on the device".But there is just 100 out of 3 space on my device :( but even though it doesnt work ill still give it 5 stars Like the new level thax a lot hop we get one for Easter Cool game but I payed and it won't even  let  me  play Its such a good game and it is made by  cool developer's It's a good game but it doesn't have much game play. /: COOL! This game is awsome, funny, cool, a bit challenging, a bit addicting. Oh and did I mention that this game is SUPER, TOTALLY, AWESOMELY, FFFFFUUUUUUUUNNN. I love this game I totally recommended this game for everyone. Everyone should totally buy this game, this game is totally worth $1 ( in my opinion) so if you are thinking of buying this game my advice is totally hit that buy button! Love it The game takes forever to load and won't give me a refund. It is so good i love it😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 NICE GAME I LUV IT ILL GIVE IT ONE STAR Wouldn't even open on my phone! I want a refund! Best game ever the only problem is that it says there is one person left but nobody is there Lol I love this game! I loved the original game on PC as well so its great to see more from these guys. The art style is great and sound/music design is amazing as well. Controls are pretty dang smooth and the scares are still very inspired like the original. Great game I love this game but I cant find the last person please fix it thank you I WANT A REFUND I love it Can't download the game... It won't install for some reason and can't get refund either.......... I really wanted to play it though But way to short. Gimme more! I love it😀 It's great I played the flash game when it came out long ago, loved it then loving it now. This game has always been one of my favorites online. I image I'm going to spend a bunch of time on this app. I decided to refund it.. it was kinda hard doe. Well it was fun Why i cant install it after it finishung download it will pop up a note and say in cant install it at sd card or  usb storage The game was fabulous. Loved it. A little short as it was. But still savoring. Could have been longer with the expansion added to it, Even though you have had enough effort into making the game. It sucks! I wnat my money back! This is so spooky ♥ Fun But Waste Of Money It's a nice and cute game~ Good job! :D Love this game the should start making games like this This app will just not install I have no idea why. I've tried deleting nearly all my apps just so it will download but no luck & now the refund button has vanished. is there anyway I could get a refund or the issue fixed? Didn't think it was scary at all but it was really fun and addicting! It won't download but I saw videos of it and it's cool so 3 stars if it downloads then uuummm I will rate 4 or 5 OK☺😀😁😇😆 YOU DIDN'T REFUND MY MONEY THE FIRST TIME I BOUGHT IT, AND THEN I BOUGHT IT AGAIN SO $2.00 WASTED ON A GAME THAT WOULDN'T FINISH LOADING Worth paying for, but not what I'm looking for. Good game...the first 5 TIMES.  Sorry but gets old fast, is there anyway to get a refund...UNLESS...there are more levels. Love it but make more locations Says one is left in theater but there isnt I have 2 concerns      1 texture issues  and        2 It took me about 39 minutes  to scare away the last person Great game I love it Mooooooo Its a great game but I've been waiting two hours to play it and still all I see is LOADING Great game byt it's a bit short and I wish it had more levels. The game has very cute visuals and good sound design and it's easy to just pick up and play. I really like this awesome game but! I've bought 2 times of this game! I thought my money is back but still its not! Pls! Return it and i'll give you 5 Stars please! asap! Bcuz at first it didn't istall cuz of lack of memory then i pressed the button refund then it was gone and came back again then i pressed it again. And its said lack of memory. So i try to delete some other apps. Then i bought it again.. then my money is 100. Then what i saw earlier is 53 then when i bought this game again my load is 5. Also, a bit buggy on HTC M8. A black square shadow appears at the left top corner. I'm guessing this game wasn't created with Full HD in mind? It was fun but short adventure Milady dis iz gr8 m8 teh r8 is 8/8 3spooky5me Soo scary I also like the free expansion level. I hope there will be more. :) There still needs to be a lot more levels than this I like the game, but it just seems more of a competitive game than a game to play for fun. I can use the boo button with out flying everywere! I shouldnt have to pay $1 for 4 levels and thats it. Refund would be great. Says it can't install on USB or storage. Moo Great game. Like the new expansion, but there is one issue, on my game it says there is one person left in the Theater but there is no one in there. This may be a small glitch but It's most likely going to be fixed if I create a new game. Can you please put more levels and can you please let the ghost posses people and the animals thank you that would help alot Really nice game to kill time. Solaris124%7 Thats it? I purchased this a day ago and uninstall it the other day wow haha what a waste of money so here's a 5star for my care. Unistalled Really short, and controls are really sensitive, but playable. 4 stars It's boring. And I regret paying. Apparently there are only four levels... It is actually quite disappointing that I paid $2 to only beat this game in an hour... The concept and art is good but like others said...it needs more challenges and levels. I will consider playing it again when they do that... Unless you are installing this game for kids... Then I don't see much more coming out in this review. To the developer... I think this game could be solo much better by adding levels and more challenges... Way too easy to beat in my opinion. Wow great great game to play when bored. always kills time. Everything was good. But the whole game was too short, it left us so hanging.i think you should update it and include adding more houses for haunting.we need some more actions I filled the family portrait  and don't know what to do next.  Can you add more levels  and places to go.  Also many add a diferent  type of controls.  Please add these things This app took forever to load and when it did I can't play cuz the control I loved playing this all of the time on the computer and now I can play it on my phone! And this version has more places to go to! I loved this game it's contorols are great I love it but you should make more of a challenge and more houses to haunt maybe?! Fun game A brilliant game but needs more house Issues with shield controller , very short, :D It is really fun and I dont care if its short I can replay love it if only it was a longer version It is good but when I tried to pass a level I couldent but I had killed every one I had to hope they will fix that It's awfully short and the gameplay consists of tapping on random objects till everyone is scared. No tactics, no difficulty, you can't even lose. This is hardly a game. Make more towns or stuff already finished it but I love the game so please update so you can do more Can I have a refund it doesn't work at all. It's fun and entertaining, great game and app! I cant get the pharoah. I tried everythimg but I cant seem to get it. I would rate it 5 stars if I could get the pharoah. Doesnt even open i want a refund i can't even get my refund back w.t.h it also crashes every time i try to open it Enjoyed playing it but was wayyyyy too short to earn anything but three stars. Need more challenges, levels etc. It was almost unplayable. The story was nonexistent and the interactions quickly boring. Also it just didn't play well with the too small haunt button. Super fun game.  Really like the thought put into it, from the UI to the game itself.  Plays really smooth with a controller. Job well done!  Oh, and I have SHIELD Tablet and it plays just fine with the SHIELD Wireless controller. It is at %100 but its not working! I need help! This game looked like it would be really fun and I'm sure it could be if your little character would listen to what you tell it to do. Everytime I tell him to possess something he decides he's not gonna possess that item but instead flies into some other item in the room or out the room completely. Saw this in shield hub. Game looks fun but controller doesn't work correctly. I press Y and it pauses the game. Unplayable. Please fix Bit disapointed bout the controls could improve it by adding a virtual circlepad This is a really fun game but it was way to short, they really need to add more. I love it but it needs a bigger world and it needs free roam. I suggest adding a city. It shows the blinking loading sign for like 3 minutes then kicks me out, it's terrible waste of money Played the First One. I love this game Love it This app is awesome I loved this game on the PC, but the controls make it literally unplayable. Do not purchase this until they are changed. It's really REALLY fun and innovative, but levels and challenges should be added. It's just really fun. Nice concept well executed. The first time I met this game is through computer few years ago,that's why when I saw this game was out on android, I brought it without thinking. That's my childhood memory!! I hate it can I get my money back Not worth it Used play this on PC now on my android phone love you guys! Love the game but I thought there'd be more to do I beat the game in 3 minutes figured out all the puzzles and there's nothing else to do but the same thing.. Whenever I go to tap on things in the HUD, the ghost zips into the direction. Often leaving the map because it got too close to the corner. Please fix this. Ezpz but a good time waster The game is really fun and the developer is great! I definitely will be supporting any future apps from this developer. Never a problem, game short but so sweet and original, I just LOVE it. The &gt; 1euro price was absolutely worth it. I play on a samsung galaxy tab 3 Although this is a very short gsme it is very detailed and worth the 0.99 cents. Love this game its the best, the art work is really fitting the game, and the concept to spook people is very good and funny on how many ways to do it. Game of the year !!! Xxx Boring not enough to do honestly I kinda want a refund it was so boring Just one level? I like the idea of this game -  it's very original.  The graphics and music are all original. The game itself sort and sweet.  Not a whole lot of replay value. Wayyyyy too short As strange as this game might seem, it's a LOT of fun. The world is a little small, but that isn't bad. I'd love to see an update with more areas. Interesting game and a lot of fun but once you clear out the 5 buildings its all done.  No other towns nothing else to do. I love this game but plz add more lvls plz Moto X 2014, won't install. Needs more places though like graveyard maybe and few other things would be cool Really good. But.... it's too short. :/ I luz it its so fun sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much fun! Bought this after watching Jesse Cox play it, and went to install it on my Galaxy Tab 4 7in., but it keeps failing installation. Not going to go for a refund or anything, just hope there is a fix to this cause I really want to play. There really is no challenge to the game and it's over in like 15 min.  Good idea, poor execution. Super cute! Love the details Wont let me download on galexy tab 3 So cool and find ways to kill the family ghost Hella short. Finished the game in less then 30 minutes but at least it is original. It was a fun little game, finding different ways of freaking the characters out was amusing I just domt get what to do for the  mummy that's  all im stuck!😢😢 I didn't get to play it because it wouldn't let me download it Seemed like an interesting game at the start but the movement controls are horrid and the game overall is really unpolished in how it handles and how the mechanics function. Also why is it that there are men, women, and children in the game but you only can (and are required to) kill men (fairly gruesomly to)? I used to play this flash game long ago. And I'm willing to pay for this game. So glad it has android version. Thank you so much ♡ Doesn't work on new android lollipop. Haven't tried it on KitKat Every time I start out in town when I go to possess an object it goes back to the home screen on lgl34c I completed the game in an hour and it needs more challenges so its not like buy done delete. But it is a very cute and adorable game. A neat cool game just like the Spookening But please! Add immersive mode for KitKat devices :) Finally It got out from PlayStation Mobile. I have it for PSM, so I enjoy it in my Vita. I used to have an Xperia phone but now that I have a different handset I am glad that I will be able to play this game once again. I missed playing this on Adult Swim. Now I can lose my social life everywhere I go. Welcome to Android. This is an insta-buy for me since I love playing it on my PS Vita!  Great fun to be had, and replay value is up a bit since there's always new ways to try and freak people out! Nice story, cute graphics, great music, fun game! It might take some time to spook things up, but due to the number of different things that the ghost can explore, it gives a lot to do until the house is terrified! Great game! This works really well for a mobile phone. Great art and music, ran perfectly without any hitches! Grate game love the old school graphics but I won the game in a day need a longer storyline don't know if is worth spending $6.99 on the Evoland2 Trippy game design and concept. ❤It I absolutely love this game and concept. So much so I started playing on PC. The only reason it is not a 5 star is I did get frustrated fighting monsters with virtual controls. Though not sure much can be done about this. It is definitely better with a controller. If Google allowed it I'd rate it a 4.5. This is really fun and amusing. I have been playing games since Atari 2600, this is full of nostalgia. Wonderful product. Not worth the time. Game can be completed within 20 minutes and no hassle. Very much taking existing content from older games and demostrating the difference in graphics and sound. The extent of the existing content is the only boss uses Goku's energy attack even the whole build up, styled like kingdom hearts, controls immitate final fantasy, only two villages in the whole game, modes immitate Zelda on the map. Not even worth a penny!! No original content whatsoever avoid avoid avoid Literally can't move. Stuck in the first scene, I enter the game but can't control. Not giving a review yet, hope someone can help me So good even if a little short Fun and nostalgic game around the history of rpg's. Just don't expect much in the way of story or strategy. Still for the price you can't complain. I enjoyed every second Would be a good game, except that the controls are terrible. There are several cases where you really need strict up/down/left/right and the analog controls will mess you up. Probably like the legend of zelda so I love it Loved the entire game until the final fight. Never could finish it, but the entire thing except that was awesome! The concept is great! Crashes constantly, A clever exploration of how RPGs evolved through the eighties and nineties. Has lots of little gags and nostalgic feelings. Using chests to progress is great, feels more rewarding than the usual RPG chest! However, the problem with parodying bad gameplay/mechanics is that, as a player, you're still experiencing that badness for real - a knowing wink to the audience doesn't exactly make it fun. So it's a bit tedious in places, but nonetheless worth a playthrough if you grew up with RPGs. Nice enough. But too short considering i paid money to dload this game. Would've been worth it if it was longer The evolution process is amazing, did not expect to enjoy this game as much as I did and it just keeps on going. And the evelution notes are a great addition. Sucks I really like this game not gonna lie but there was a bug to where all of my health was gone right after I beat the bossfight and i think you should fix that Oh my, what a wonderful experience. These are the kind of mobile games that make me feel like buying a gaming phone and controller was actually worth it. Horrendous controls Super short game. Finished in a few hours. Yes, it was cheap, but was expecting more Could be perfect with better controls Using the touch controls for platforming is very difficult. An awesome game full of surprises and all good the evolution of the game graphics is superb makes you want to venture further a fanastic nod to zelda thanks for making this developers well worth buying going to get part 2 also looking forward to it highly recommend to everyone else Game sux! Tries to be too many things at once and the controls are horrible, can't recommend. And excellent little gem. This is not a game with a life changing story, or enough action and replay value to last forever. What this is, is a nostalgic stroll through the games of the past. Each little step of advancement and see how tropes have become tropes. I love it, my son also loves it even without the nostalgia Some boring parts, but cool concept So much fun! Fun game with lots of geek references 👍 Love the game very creative HOWEVER the game crashes a lot after a while. On some days I can play for like 30-45 minutes without a problem but then there are days I literally can't walk 10 steps without it crashing and telling me to restart the game Runs great So much fun. I was confused how the ratings were so high. After five minutes of playing, I was hooked. Very awesome game. I love the unlocks and messages from the chest. The only issue I have is starting back at the main screen when dying instead of the save point. This Zelda/Final Fantasy inspired game, is just perfect 👌. It's obvious the devs put heart into this game, and it's even more obvious the devs are huge gamers themselves. Good Job Devs or Dev! Very fun title! I bet it was fun to code too!! I love this game 🤩 For the price there's nothing to grumble about, if you have play pass, I'd recommend playing Evoland for its a brilliant way to pass time. Storylines a bit meh - but that's how they used to be back in the day. A simple big bad, a hero, a companion. It's nostalgic and the way show this through collecting "upgrades in time" is quite unique. Yeah controls aren't 100% up to par but they're brilliant for the game. I'd honestly recommend this 100%. If there's a sequel I'd look forward to it. Excelent. At least top 5 best games i played in my whole life. Absolutely a great game. A little short but I hope to get part 2 asap. Thank you for all your hard work on this game. Really interesting idea to literally evolve the game along with your progress, it keeps me hokked up waiting for the next upgrade. I played it on Android TV with a gamepad, it was a fun experience. Loved all the references. PD: The card game is excellent, so simple but fun, it should be dropped as its own app. Proof of concept at best, extremely clunky controls on mobile. Lovely game but the controls are very poor. For some areas this is a real problem and detracts significantly from the enjoyment of the game. The only thing bad about this is that its too short. Loved it. Was good, memories. Would have been 5 star with more gameplay. Was way to short. As soon as you think youre getting into the game youre fighting the final boss Do not spend the money. Pretty cool This game was a fun experience. My only wish was for controller support for some particularly slippery sections of narrow passages. Not enough checkpoints in caves Great concept. There is a bug i found...when i defeated the shadow of myself the two gates reopened but i was killed by a bat a fraction of a second after defeating the shadow and error 10079 occurred every time i taped the third message away...i eventually managed by not tapping it and moving on i managed to get to the village and save the game and now its ok again....other than that great...but too many monsters in open play in my opinion... Absolute horrible level design Walking you thru the different game styles from over the years, the graphics intentionally start as pixelated greens. Gaining abilities like "16-bit color" and "256-bit color" come quickly though, just like "Saving the Game" and "Free Movement". It gives you basic game enhancement discovers early to make the game simple but enjoyable, then let's you find more advanced things as the game progresses. Graphics are To primitive for these days and ages Incredibly addictive,great game!! Creative, engaging, and original. Extremely well done. The game was to short for me. But it was fun to play The game is good but there is a bug that makes the 3D objects and characters see through please fix this Einmal mehrere Arten von Gameplay in einem Spiel. Ganz nett und auch nicht unendlich lang, sondern was man in 5-7 Stunden durchbekommt. Leider nichts so richtig gut, aber sehr nette Idee und schön Abwechslungsreich. I laughed when the main characters name was revealed. If you can't afford a switch/lite and want to play a great Zelda like game this is it. You also get to play through the evolution of gaming. I've also seen there's Evoland 2. Awesome! Is a very fun game but in the title screen the new game and continue are very close together and make it very frustrating when you accidently undo two hours of work. Please add a confirmation tab when pressing new game or put them farther apart to make accidents less likely and I will give a better review Phenomenal game 100% two thumbs up 👍 No complaints run smooth great dialogue great concept similar to Zelda It was a super fun game. It ended on a good note. I wish the controls were a lot better but the core game helps with that flaw. Overall loved it. 👍👍 Game is Broken won't load past you've got right key at the start of the game. I guess when the developer made the 2nd one he forgot about this one😑 Even though the first one is the reason why this one exsit. Oh well😂 Would never pay money for this as far as iv gotten into the game it seems like it would be a great game but it crashes constantly and i have to closr and restart it on my s6 tab lite i have to close it about ever 15 min its just to annoying constantly having to restart it to invest anymore time in it if its fixed or some advice on what could be causing this id gladly finish the game since it seems like it has alot of potental and riase my rating accordinly but its unplayable pretty much fotr me at this point Great idea and some very interesting game mechanics. The story is a little bit simplistic. I lik Straight trash like a pumpkin spice anything 😂 A damn good gand but hard to beat! I extremely recommend this if you're up for some challenges. Really nice. Though i dont like that about half way into the game you get the graphics you will have until the end Cool I love the creativity of the concept and the style & music choices are excellent Fun and addictive and the chests a ok but sometime at the game its a little hard would give 4.5 Good game. bunch of gaming reference. a bit short gameplay hours, but for the price its okay. Quick, fun game that is enjoyable! Great fun, challenging without the frustration. Only issue's are that sometimes the controls are a bit lackluster. Like when dealing with large groups of bats. The only other thing is that I'd like to be able to see what in-game achievements I have collected. Don't want to go around killing 100 skeletons if I've already done it I really want to love this game, but the controls are absolutely horrible. Graphics aren't too good either. I am really disappointed about the girl character as well... Would've loved to have had an option to use her... The whole story line with her doesn't sit right at all Evoland has good moments, it has a lot of "aah I remember this feeling" when you have to talk to NPCs to figure out where to go, when you solve classic Zelda style puzzles, when you walk through all the different art styles. It is charming. But it pays homage to past games to the point of feeling very skin-deep as a game itself. It feels more like a little adventure through a museum than a game. The gameplay is just OK. But like I said, it is charming and nostalgia feels good sometimes. Nostalgic Amazing game and i love it, but please add a cloud saving feature, so that we won't lose our progress in case something happens on our device (for example reset it or lose it, etc.).... Then five stars from me!!!! Love the Short history of gaming, not huge!y long but very well executed :) finaly i can buy this game, it's awesome Awesome game ! Hope they come out with more! Horrible controls and have to go a the way back to the menu to try again. The tutorial is OH-KO. With clunky controls, there's no way I can enjoy the game. Beat the first boss on first try, lol at those complaining about the control, it works fine for me. People just need to git gud. If you pirate, I'll slice you in half. This game is stupid you have no hearts or and health bar just nothing and it's not even controller supported waste of my 0.99 cents Interesting concept but the controls are difficult. The "one touch and you're dead" is super frustrating. I was at the lava part whith fire balls and i die and then i go to prees conetenu and i click new game u need to make the buttens biger At first I loved this game and the premise of it was so new and amazing but the amount of times I've had to restart the game because the hit boxes for the "continue" and "new game" are so close is RIDICULOUS. There is no "are you sure" screen or nothing, if you tap your done. Its a great game Fun how you find chest and you evolve the game Completed it, best way to describe it is quirky and definitely a time waster if you like your old Zelda games although it's not long. Controls are slightly awkward but I'm always going to expect that from playing on a phone. Few hidden things in it to find. Overall a good game. Extremely fun new idea. Unfortunately the game was a bit short. Excited to play, but wouldn't get past the google log on screen once I installed. I really liked the idea but just got a bit frustrated playing it in the end - it very much echos the old rpgs in way you get zero guidance and have to keep fighting back through areas. Great idea maybe just a bit too loyal to the old format It's fun but it gets annoying cause the controls and it isn't the games fault it's that joysticks on the screen gets annoying I do 0 stars because if killed you have to go to homescreen and start all over besides that its alright I guess Error #1009 please fix I wish it was longer! Meh Awesome. Totally worth it. Controlli imprecisi, molto frustrante considerando anche che i salvataggi sono abbastanza rari. I really, really wanted to like this game, but either the controls suck or I suck. Either way, I didn't even finish the first dungeon because I didn't have nearly the fine movement control needed to stop dying. I nearly threw my phone across the room. Everything else was wonderful! I was really enjoying the way the game was unfolding... A great game which is much better now that I'm using a gamepad. You Have Just Unlocked Player Disrespect! Introduced by the caves in Pokemon in 1990 this mechanic aims to artificially extend the length of the gaming experience by having the player pulled into a battle every five steps he takes Game was really goodly Would have given five stars, if it was only a bit longer You only get 2-3 hours of gaming 🥺 This game mirrors many of the classics, but forgets to include the parts that made them fun. Also, the poor controls & enemy hit-boxes cause a lot of frustration. I got all 17 achievements, but I can't say that I really enjoyed it. Old school Zelda to Final Fantasy vibe. I loved the game. Absolutely worth it. You all really should make this into an official series game. The only thing I have to complain about is that it was way too short. Can you maybe update it and add more to it. If this became a full series and no micro transactions involved beyond buying it then I would certainly pay good money for it. Updated* I was able to play the game & really enjoyed it ☺ I just wish that after the boss battle some of the township people from the second town had different responses & a new look like they were able to clean up & get things better there. Im definitely investing in Evoland2! Love the game just wish it wasn't so short. Need some more i only at 90% but I did download it just hours ago. This was fun for a few hours. After a while, the control over the character became too clunky and difficult to keep up with the finesse the game seems to demand. I really wanted to like this, because the premise is neat, but I can't relax playing when I am struggling so much to fight and outrun half a dozen enemies in a locked dungeon room. Minus a star for the terrible controls, minus a star for what I feel is confusing game play and minus a star for giving me anxiety trying to play. Good game. The story is too short though, I was expecting more levels and challenges. The controls for mobile could use some adjustments specifically for movement. The game doesnt have enough save points and the controls are kind of garbage and dont work well, and there's an on and off delay. Amazing game. Can't wait to beat it and get the 2nd one I would say that this game is a good deal at $2.99 but I'm going to count my medical bills due to the ulcers from constant cheap deaths due to slippery controls as part of the game's cost. Joking aside, I got a refund for this and and plan to use that towards the more expensive PC version as this seems like it would actually be fun with controls that function well. This sort of gameplay just doesn't go well with the input method. So I recommend this game but not on this platform. This game is INSANE, from a simple 2d 90's scroller to an advanced 3D RPG, I throughout my gameplay enjoyed this, the reason I will not give 5 stars is that I did run into some bugs, but thats something I can work with. Very short game... Nothing else. uncomfortable controls, and it's just a bad version of legend of zelda. Loved Almost everything about this game....I rarely do reviews but I HAD to give this game it's props!!! The IDEA behind the game, the development, the experience ALL AWESOME!!! The ONLY complaint is how short the game was.....very short story line. And I kept wishing for a "Running feature" lol!!! Overall GREAT GAME!!!! Short storyline. A fun game! Shows you the evolution of video games!😀 I LOVE this game!! It's adorable and just challenging enough to be playable. It's the best game I've ever played! Very good but very stress filled so if a 2 comes out dialing it down Some parts to the game can be really fun, but I found the dungeon part to be quite tedious without much challenge. This game didn't really keep me interested. The controls just suck, a moving joystick is complete trash in any game Cant really say I enjoyed the game but the trip through nostalgia as the main attraction and the unlockings of gameplay felt like a walk in a video game museum which was a unique experiance. However the gameplay felt like an actual chore and the later stages of the game even forgot what this game was all about, I was expecting unlocks like, revenge cliche or even a credits scene unlock. It's okay, the concept is great but the controls are horrid and the actual gameplay is meh. Great little twist on "Upgrade the Game", but the controls are about 10 times as horrible as stated in other comments...even by the final boss, you struggle just to make the game do what you need it to... God FORBID you have to go back for anything though...and don't lose your ship...... Although the controls can feel a bit janky, the overall concept and design of the game itself is incredible. This is a really well made, unique game and definitely worth giving a try. gameplay is short, music is awesome, but the controls are horrible This should be game of the year Fun short rpg style adventure. Will get you reminiscing of many hit RPG classics. Thats a joke , forgive me There is still like 6 missing items in the inventory from that forrest with 100+ monsters Honestly the game was super fun and I couldn't put it down. It has its faults yeah but overall I had a super fun time with the game and would highly recommend. Wow! Just wow! This is a game about the history of video games and I honestly learned things I never knew. Best of all, no in-app purchases, no ads either. Buy this game and learn to appreciate, people! What a gem! what I love about this game is soundtrack, evolutionary of video games (specialing at the beginnings) though i can give 5 star its because those f***ing fire thrower things >:( Not good and very insufficient I had a lot of fun, this game is really well made and entertaining. It made me laught a few times for sure WOW I'VE WAITED ALL MY LIFE FOR A ANDROID GAME LIKE THIS IF YOU LOVE ZELDA THEN YOU WILL BE AMAZED BY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE PATIENT THIS GAME TURNS INTO ZELDA 3D ITS GRAPHICS ARE BETTER THAN THE 3DS XL ITS UTTERLY MIND-BLOWING HOW GOOD THIS GAME TURNS FROM 8BIT 16BIT AND ALL THE WAY TO NEARLY 4D IM IN LOVE ITS WORTH ALL THE 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 FROM HERE TO MARS. DEVS I SALUTE YOU!!!! YOUR GOD'S TO ANDROID PLEASE MAKE MORE I WOULD HAPPILY PAY £10 OR MORE FOR SEQUELS . One of the best mobile games I have played. Doesn't have any annoying pop up ads and is very well made for the price. Other than a few issues here and there (none of them major) this game was amazing to play and I can't wait to see more from these guys! It's... How do I say this.... Not very... Fun. At all. It's sensibly entertaining, just at the beginning. Probably not for everyone. In fact, not for many. I always take a star off if the game doesn't auto-rotate. I considered taking another star off for the limited, slow and awkward control scheme. The game itself is typical. Cute walk down memory lane biting styles off other games. 99¢ is a good price point. Any more than that is just a money grab for the limited effort put in this game. Good game but kinda hard. This game is just great no need to tell anything just play already the changes by sec is awesome and the game logic and the announcer just hilarious people start to think im crazy for laughing while playinv this game Awesome idea, and definitely fun at first, but the controls are just horrid, the pad moves all over the place wherever you put your thumb, they fix that and the game is playable, as it is, it's just annoying and makes it too frustrating to keep playing. But it is worth mentioning there's no IAP or anything like that. Amazing I'm going to finish this game one day. I kicks me out into play store and I never got to see the title screen of the game save system is garbage. made me infuriated to the point of uninstalling game. for the rest, good game. Needs to be easier to beat. Awesome It was okay. Loved the beginning with the chests to give me more things to make the game a game. But I get hit once by a bat and game over and need to go back to the beginning despite the save I did when I stepped on the save point twice. For the love of god add a confirm for new game Absolutely amazing, from the concept, to the graphics to the multiple fighting aspects; turn based and MMO based, to the music. It's an amazing game Good I beat Zephyros (both rounds of him), watched the credits, and continued the game, but it didnt save after it, so i think you should add some happiness to the end, like recovering the corrupted mario enemies, the aogai citizens fixing the town and congratulating you for beating Zeph, and maybe earning something else than just the credits and achievement. (plus google achievement too.) Other than that, it's a great game! If you can add all those things, then please do. It's a short but very good game. Best game I have played in a long time I love the description of the gear and how the game just gets better and better a definite must get if you haven't tried this game and you loved games like old school zelda this ones for you Awesome game for any classic video game fan. Very inspired. I love the jokes and the gameplay. You guys should make so much more content like this. This game is amazing, but I need mooooore Wish there was more but super fun Smashing game! Couldn't stop playing it once I started. Highly recommended if you want something fun, exciting and a little bit nostalgic. You can't progress when you get the bow and your supposed to shoot it through the fire and burn the tree it doesn't work please fix this it was really fun until this I already beat the game so I can I have a refund please please please please please please Greatest phone game in some time. Great game joystick lags in some areas Great game, excellent references to FF, Zelda, Diablo. Reason for not 5 star is because 99.1% is max completion due to a bug not fixed. Will edit if changed. Had to write a review because the game is too good. It's an amazing game I didn't think I'd like! Wow! So much surprise and twists. You have to play it! Evoland has a very unique way of presenting itself. It combines games like Diablo, The Legend of Zelda, and Final Fantasy. The game is SHORT, like 2-3 hours short. But the flow of the game works and I feel it would have negative side effects to make it last any longer. The main thing I wish could have been different with the game is to spread out the evolutions. Most of the big evolutions come in the first 50% of the game. After that, only small changes happen. But seriously give it a try. Error 109: Too close to touch Amazing game! Very well designed game that evolves like its name. Great if you like Pokemon, Undertale and Stardew Valley Give me my money back There's so much potential here, but some gameplay issues really hinder it from being what it could be. Still a worthy experience, but one I wouldn't return to for a second time. Very nostalgic. 5/5 would recommend. Love it Very nostalgic feel to it while being highly entertaining. I would love more content and gladly pay for it. Love the game on PC, but lags terribly on my Samsung galaxy s2 tablet. It constantly freezes then catches up, but I die on the first enemies. Pretty amazing. But slightly unbalanced in battles and the controls occasionally refuse to work. But other than that 9/10 rating. An perfect homage to zelda-esk adventure games! I played through the game in one sitting - couldn't put it down! Evolving the game experience from 8-bit to 64-bit and beyond was super clever! Comedy in the game is very self-aware and makes fun of itself. Can we please release that in-game card game as a standalone? It was a lot of fun! Fun game, good buy for a buck, you'll get 4 or 5 hours out of it and a couple laughs. The controls can be frustrating now and then. Started off well. Interesting idea and concept. Biggest problem is the on screen controls are usually to imprecise leading you to moving in directions you don't want getting you killed. Became more frustrating as things got more difficult. Full length game already have 5 hours in and only a third of the way through, very unique game The begining is good but as you progress it gets very, very hard also add more save points Love the way this game starts 😄 Needs to many permissions. Keep getting 1009 error The fact that the D-pad control moves around the screen every time you use it makes this almost unplayable at times. Otherwise, the concept is very cool and gameplay overall is decent. Hate when you die from getting hit on time but in overall well thought gane While I liked it. Got mad when I kept having to restart. Probably will reinstall when I have the patience The blue tooth controller is good good Job I read online gamestop is hurting bad thier prob going out of business they made more money than selling in stores actual stores customers can afford more on Google play than anywhere else they should upload more of thier games on here sell them 99 cents to a dollar 99 they make a heck a lot more 🤣🤣🤣🤣 Wow. Killed by the very first monster Ok. The game description sounds good. The reviews will still leave you on the fence. I decided to try for myself. It definitely appeals more to those of us who have been around since sega. The more you play this game, the better it gets. Just when you think it doesn't get better, it does. The controls are not bad like people complain. The d-pad doesn't literally move, it adjusts to where you set your hands which I like. TRY IT. You wont regret it. Worth more. Will update when I play more I love this game on the PC. I really wanted to play it on my phone too. However the controls and level design totally ruins the fun. This game plays like every unfun level in all games ever, combined into one game. The theme of evoland is pretty cool, admittedly, but with no minimap or fasttravel, the game is literally a walking simulator. It gets boring and repetitive after a short while. The combat is not fluid at all, the enemies are dumb as rocks, the save system is a complete joke. No tricky puzzles, no clever things for you to figure out. Just walking and a very, very basic combat system. I regret the $1 I spent. Fun game to experience nostalgia of the evolution of RPGs but lack of replayability as it is pretty much a linear campaign. This game was sooo good. If you were fortunate enough to live through the different ages of video games, this one is for you. 10/10 would play again. Need better QA testing for future game. For example in the first boss fight. I HATE IT WHEN I WENT BACK TO MAIN MENU, TELEPORTED BACK AT LAST SAVE GAME, AND WENT THROUGH THE MAZE AGAIN TO MEET THE BOSS. I expect to fight him again, ASAP. No começo é interessante, visto que narra em forma de jogo a história da evolução dos games. Entretanto a jogabilidade é péssima, aliada a chefes difíceis, falta de escolha no armamento e checkpoints, tornam o jogo difícil e cansativo. Great game! The controls made it a little difficult to beat the final boss Today I have purchased this game but I think in a paid like this one. There should be a map. So that we know the progress and where to go. There is one more problem : after playing sometime character stuck in the area, i mean after discovering some area, you cannot go further else. Now I'm going to give 2 stars. Will not give permission to access my other ,to bad would've been great for the new generation OmG ItS SuPeR FuN😀😀😀😀😀 I ReAlLy LiKe ThE ChArAcTeRs AnD GamEpLay AnD ReFfERencEs It's cute. And I think I needed this as a refresher course. Being I'm not much of a gamer. But in my childhood I partook. So, this is nice. Thanks devs. Jogo é bom mas está bugado, não consigo nem entrar no mesmo, mesmo reinstalando e perdendo meu salve continua bugado Unfortunately, the game stopped accepting any input beyond the main menu the second time I started to play. Disappointed because from what I had played, the game looks to be an absolute gem. 😔 Annoying... Please explain why there are save locations in the world but when you die you are forced to go back to the main screen. The player should automatically reload to the last save location. Having to start from the main screen and click "continue" is simply annoying. So addicting I can't stop playing if you have 1$ to spare buy this game you won't regret it the gameplay and story is so good another reason to buy this game in the final fantasy the legend of zelda and pokemon vibe so if you like those games this is a must have Fun game for the most part. Lack of equipment. Absolute masterpiece of a game. Extremely fun and balanced. Meant to be a parody of what a JRPG is, but is actually extremely fun Good game just not worth the money mediocre, played it once but wouldnt play again Very good ! Neat concept. Garbage controls. Bland story. Kinda disappointed Just started recently but this game is fun and an awesome concept. The little jokes and quips make it all the more fun to play. A real "game for the the sake of enjoyment", and without ads or micro-transactions, it's a breath of fresh air. Controls take a little getting used to, but responsive and effective in simplicity. Add great graphics. Kudos to the developers. Having all the twist and all kind of game in one game its make me wanna play all day with out getting bored... Great game this game is unique absolutely amazing for those who want good game experience.... Great game, there were some small issues like the controls that were not well optimised to some scenarios or the way game saving works but overal this was a good experience, worth every penny. Best games ever Beautiful game all around amazing experience Fun game but there are way too many fights and it just gets repetitive and annoying. Did not expect this... This game is well designed, made me chuckle a few times and was just the right amount of challenge, frustration and fun. My congratulations to the dev team. I did not expect to play such a high quality title for such a low price! The hints to the games that inspired this were funny, and there were few "evolutions" i did not expect. The music was fitting for each "evo" and the transitions of music and visuals were smooth as butter. This has convinced me to buy Evoland 2! :) Having to start all over like that after getting hit once was way too boring Loved it. Unique game concept. Just too short. cant wait for the next one Cute little trip through jrpg history. The controls are hot garbage. Even on a note10 you can't have the accuracy for what is required. Don't bother. This game is awful. I played for five minutes before getting lost and having no idea what to do. Vary good but difficult This game was a complete delight. I play a Link to the Past and Final Fantasy VI once a year. Nothing else. This game might become a third in that line up. I absolutely love it. Can't wait to dig in to #2! Good job, thank you! No cloud save????? The game is fun..but no cloud save ? Common devs you already have Play Games login for achievement ...should have added cloud save. It's replay value isn't good enough to warrant starting all over after I had to wipe my device. Buy it on sale. The concept is enjoyable. But the controls in the Zelda parts are terrible. I enjoyed the turn based stuff the most. If you didn't have the Zelda movement stuff or changed it to better control on mobile it would be a 5 star game. Controls during Zelda-esque parts are terrible, really bad and frustrating Wasted my momey Can we please have the option to lock the movement pad location?!?! I can't run through fire without falling in the lava and then I can't beat the monster because I fell and lost health doing basic dodge the fireball.... so frustrating. A very good game and concept, I bought Evoland 2 but I haven't got round to.playing it because this is so good This first game in the series is short but the premise is awesome! What makes it even more impressive is it was first created during a hack-a-thon in 24 hours! Couldn't play. Just stayed on the loading screen. Oneplus 7 pro and I only have two games installed at a time Happy and made me miss old school game - Good graphic - Good mixed idea (Final Fantasy Zelda Dragonquest Bomberman Diablo) - Easy and fun game play - Final Boss very fun - Butttt Control to walk and direction not good enough I love the idea behind this game. Fun little game about the history of games... though a little inaccurate at points, it's still a pretty fun game. Worth the purchase. 👍 3 ⭐s so far The Zelda parts of this game are TERRIBLE!! The moving directional pad is infuriating. It eventually gets to the point where it's difficult for the sake of being difficult. THIS ISN'T ENJOYABLE! The gimmick of the world evolving is kinda cool, and at one point, they make a cool puzzle out of that gimmick. All in all, I didn't have fun. Not great, not terrible. Interesting idea but only half good mechanics. BRILLIANT game! won't let me play it for more than 20 seconds before an error pops up called error 1009. and on top of that I cant get a refund Awesome way to celebrate games This game is super Fun! Cool game, but why the hell is there no confirmation before starting a new game? All that wasted progress just because of a misclick. Maybe think about changing that, no way in hell am I replaying all that. Walking all the way back to old well to get bombs from old lady, just to increase playtime and had to go through four loading screens. Really bad game design. Whoever thought of this stupidity should be fired. Top game. I just want the cross pad to stay in one place, is that to hard, I kept having to look down to see where the cross pad had move to, the only way to play the game with any kind of skill is to keep your finger on the pad at all times, but then your constantly running, and the only way to stop is to release your finger from the pad, to make a long story short, i found myself moving the cross pad all over the bottom left corner of the screen. And had to keep look down App crashes every few seconds Easily one of the best mobile games, and it was made in 2 days? I've made games and it would take me at least 2 weeks to get really glitchy code working, the only issues I had for this was some minor glitches, and how short it was... Really liked the game until I died and it is spawning me outside the playable area on the world map. No way to get back in because of the mountains. Is this a known bug? Incredible idea with incredible execution. Makes it even more incredible that the Xbox one controller works perfectly with it. This game was amazing, but it is so hard to play without rage quiting when you only have 3 hearts! The final boss is cool, but after I take out the hands, the orb will not take any damage, I know I'm doing it correctly because I have beaten that first form of the boss before. Very fun, would like more of it! Sequel, expansion! Such a fun concept. The advancing play style makes the game entertaining and brings nostalgic moments and references. Pretty good but wish I could save more often so I wouldn't have to repeat sections overdo many times I've just unlocked experience points, but it's wonderful thus far! This game is awesome!!! Good game People who like to play zelda and final fantasy and diablo should play this game... it's worth the amount spent spent playing it... albeit a rather short adventure Unlike many of the games available this one's actually fun. Would recommend if you enjoy old school Zelda games JOE SK Good game, but the scenery is a little short. BREATH OF FRESH AIR. Game only cost a dollar. No ads no in app purchase. This game quite literally takes you through the evolution of gameplay. Zelda,Final Fantasy had a baby for mobile. This is a great game. Look forward to Evo 2! Fun game I also bought the 2nd one Great game, reminds me of a mix of Zelda/Pokemon/Legends of Dragoon/ and Fable Heroes I really love this game, but I'm having aspect ratio problems. I'm using a Razer phone 1 and it worked fine before, but now the image is stretched and I don't know how to fix it. I love the concept. The idea where you as the player traverses the evolution of adventure games had begun, and how they ended up as. Now I do like the idea, but the game feels as if it's forcing itself to be more nostalgic at a technical point: high encouter rates, frustrating camera angles, insanely strong enemies, annoying collection mini games that drags the player away from that whole-hearted experience that most adventure games bring. The game is fine, the controls are alright... I give 4/5 Please fix controls! The concept of the game is good but the controls just stopped work after the 3D evolution. If I stop my movement, the controls just get crazy and start to respond randomly. Is impossible pass through the whirlwinds that way... I'm very upset that I spent my money in this... I cannot go past the part where you learn to scroll. It gives 2 lines at the top with a error message and closes the game. Galaxy S9+. this is a great game, so much fun, just wish it where longer EDIT:YOU DID IT YOU BEAUTIFULL DEVS YOU MADE SEACOND EVEN BETTER ONE IF I COULD GIVE TEN STARS I WOULD[Loved the game hope someday you make a second more complex Beautiful!!!!! Great until controls lock up every time you try to fight the skeletons and then it gets very boring just watching you character stand still and die over and over This is the kind of game I have been looking for forever. It reminds me of Zelda and I loved that game!! Keep developing games like this! Beautiful and intuitive! The touch screen control scheme ramps up the difficulty in a way that's not compensated for in the game, making for a frustrating experience once you reach the first dungeon. You can just die now The best fantasy game I've ever played. I love it Really fun like how it changes stuff I like this game. But the controls were bad for me on my mobile. It caused alot of repeated failures in several occasions. But i love how the game grew as you moved along. But the control problem made me deduct a few stars. No comment just wow The game was great. Puzzles were good. The only thing wrong I could say was it's too short of a game. I still would recommend this game as it was fun. Bugged out. Really cool game but last night I played for awhile with no issues. Closed the game to go to sleep only for me to wake up and try to play and the thumbstick doesn't pop up anymore. My characters are just stuck. All I can do is touch the inventory bag. Samsung Note 9 Too simple not like evoland 2 , final boss too easy(i don't even know that's the final boss , feel like normal boss with extra life) Great game wish it was longer took a week of here n there casual 10-20 min each... sad the game was not longer :( Fun App crashed soon after installing. Tried killing two knights and crashed. Cannot play. A very nostalgic game. I enjoyed all of the references to other games. Specifically the Skyrim reference. But at one point in the game I did accidentally clear a level too early and wasn't able to continue. Other than that, good game! This game stole my money. It gave me a receipt for the purchase, but it still wants me to buy the game. A complete waste of money. Amazing concept for a game....wish it had controller support Possibly the best mobile game I've played in 3 years. Loved every second of it. Couldnt get enough. The game is interesting, and was pretty fun for a little while. The thing holding this from getting a good score is the terrible controls. In the dungeon where you get the bow you have to navigate a pitfall maze. When the game repositions the movement stick each time you touch the screen it is very easy to make a mistake, and I found about half the time it stopped responding until I let it reposition again. I am sure this would not be a problem with a controller. Uninstalling. I wish there were more games like this. One of the best mobile games I've played. Well worth the price. If you like zelda and final fantasy you'll like this. Just started, it looks really cool but now I cant walk 5 feet without it crashing, nothing I do fixes it 😥 when i wait for the main screen to play i cant get nothing to work or click on anything please fix this or i want my money bk thank u Unplayable do to touchscreen controls. Its a good game 100% Fun but short Unbareable lag when fighting Excelente juego, una muy bonita historia que vale la pena. No por nada es inspirado en varios de los mejores juegos existentes. I love the idea, and I would love the game and continue playing if it wasn't so hard to defeat the shadow clink. Maybe I'm just a bad player, but every time I die, I have to go all the way back through the whole level to get to the boss again. A save would be nice... Otherwise, I love the game Dont get me wrong, I loved this game. It was addicting and fun BUT, very short... like really really short. I beat the last boss in a short time and that's it... nothing else to do. Make it a much longer game and it will be more worth the purchase. Other than that, it's a great game. It was OK. Controls are a bit clunky This game is amazing! Everything changes as you play, some parts are like Zelda games, but other parts are like a turn based battles rpg. It is kind of a short game, but I just finished finding all the extras and some of them are very well hidden. I think this is a great game and I just bought the second one! Amazing and nostalgic. I saw a lot of comments about bad controls for this game. TBH, the controls on this touch screen were on par with PS1. Games back then weren't always easy or intuitive to control, especially games that had static cameras and bad angles in sections. The control scheme added go the nostalgia while still giving it a bit of modern input style. Great job. Looking forward to purchasing/playing Evoland 2. Highly recommend! It's an interesting concept game but falls far short of doing anything interesting beyond the gimmicks. Might be a great game... but... Opened it up to play, clicked on "New game" and... "You got Right Key" etc... that's it. No explanations, no directions how to play or anything. I know it was just a 99 cent game, but come on... this is ridiculous. great game works really well on chromebook. Great one. I would like to get my money back It could have a better autosave sistem Great mix of old skool RPG with a good mix of old 8 bit and 16 bit graphics for under a quid it's a no brainer. Great potential stopped playing after 20 mins becase it does not support Bluetooth controllers. If it did I would play this for hours. i easily finished the game. too short :( i hope evoland 2 has longer stories Ok Game felt like a chore. Gave up after getting soft locked. Had no clue what to do, was able to break a couple bushes and find some chests but that was it and basically stuck, assuming there is something i am missing but i went all around trying to breka things and i give up. 1 star. Great so far. I love how the game evolves over time. Two thumbs up! Best original ideas for RPG story mode love it! Pretty good, but the controls are terrible and the lag is unbearable. SPOILERS: It lags a lot during the final boss fight. Short trip down memory lane. Controls were frustrating at times but overall a neat idea The controls suck. Also the main enemies are hard to beat. Overall don't play this game. It sucks doesn't load on my new tablet, id like a refund, gets errors in a red line on the top of my screen crashes after getting 2D movement. every time. unplayable in this state Cannot even open Delightful in everyway, especially if you are an old school gamer. The way the game evolves over time just like the early games did brought back some memories. I'm 72 and have played video games for over 50 years so I remember most the changes that that have taken place in that time. I really thought the little cameos by various game characters was quite clever also. Phenomenal game, just slightly tricky or difficult at times but not too bad. Great gaming experience. Gimmick is fun for an hour, then just is tedious The game is fun. Graphics are cute and enjoyable. I haven't finished yet but certainly lots of fun and no bugs so far. It's not hard at all and you could argue it's on the very light side in terms of difficulty. It does support controller and Android TV Cool game for the nostalgic vibes It was alright I just didn't have the time to play another game and play several others to. A great look at the history of video gamed. Settle in and enjoy it all Very enjoyable and nice gameplay. only just started the game and it seems to get better and the graphics changing is a cool thing Good game There is no east path I am happy its no a pay for win game. But the annoying controls, and me falling in the lava all the time made me mad and unistall it. I wanted to play a nice action rpg, but here i spent most of the time hopeing i will not fall off somewhere(then gotta run for 5mins each time from last save). Terrible. The gameplay itself is cool, but the problem is 50% of the time u will spend without battle, just struggling with some weird traps and weird handling of the char. Amazing game. The game tells about the history of gaming and the accomplishments made it is very fun Cute game For kids This game has so much potential but the controls suck. Enough to where I don't even want to play anymore. Let me know when it's fixed. so sad Wish it had a better d-pad, otherwise great I love this game!! It's so adorable and thought out. I love the cameos! Very nostalgic! Evoland is a fun game. The action elements however are pretty bad the bosses are frustrating. The turn based battle is super fun, but it barely gets used. I want more turn based content. The final boss is way more lacking then the boss before it. The game feels rushed and unfinished. It is a fun game Back to the Future of gaming Amazing Game! The phone controls make it frustrating to get through, but the game was fun and interesting enough to keep me going until the end. Pretty good! 3D hitbox could've been better, attacks hitting my weapon should not damage me. BEST MOBILE RPG EVER!!!! great game play i absolutly love the developing game setup thats really clever. You guys did a really good job. Could have been a great game No notch support, so there's an ugly black bar on one side of the screen. Fix that and it will be perfect. Wanna play this but got error with 2 red stripes. Huawei MATE20X latest update and Steel Series Stratus XL gamepad. I love this game, BUT, And that's a big but, as an achievement player i want to run all the achievements. There's this one achievement to defeat one of the bosses without taking any damage at all. I succeed, I defeated it without taking damage and than after it died i took a bit of damage and it didn't count. IDK if that's a bug or something intended but that's annoying as heck and took me ages to even defeat him without taking any damage. Was having fun till I got to 3d graphics now it keeps crashing giving me error 1009 playing on galaxy s10 plus The game is really fun but at times it makes me rage quit. Needs more save locations so we dont have to battle through half a dungeon to get back to where we were or back to a boss battle. It's not fun having half health when going into a boss battle. Or just let us use health potions in all areas. Ive just began the game ..total nostalgia! Loving it ! Very easy controls which is gold .. best I've played with the controls like this This game I was expecting to he some false advertised garbage game with microtransactions with ads. I had google play pass so I gave it a go. I was shocked and proven wrong in so many ways on how awesome this game is. The game it self changes and evolves as you play. If you like RPGS and classic games I highly recommend this to anyone. This game is pretty unique, but a knock off on many things. They simply renamed monsters, but ripped off goomba, and piranha plants from Mario, your character gets clouds sword from FF7, a boss literally hits you with a kamehameha... The only originality in this game is the basis of the game. Evolving the game itself. But that's probably a ripoff of something else too. epic Is this a good game? No, no, not really no. Is this a fun game? Eh, kinda. Does this game remind you of good and fun games? Yes, yes, that's it. It coasts easily on memories of better games. It's too hard to be enjoyable. Well made, fun puzzles, ending was a bit lackluster. Other than the ending, good game Cool game, nice and short. Enjoyable Too much like Zelda games kinda boring and just overall crappy game This is a very nice idea but the controls for this game are horrible. I'm sure it's better on a keyboard or a game pad but that's no excuse for the slippery, shoddy mechanisms for movement that turn simple puzzles into a chore and combat into a guessing game. Yep I really didn't like this game - whole upgrading concept is pretty cool and it must have been tough to implement it. But this game is not fun to play - checkpoints are terribly placed, gameplay is really shallow (turn based gameplay means just spamming attack and heal), 90% of game is easy 10 is really tough. There is no lvls (game just say that you leveled up), no equip. I liked puzzles where u were forced to switch 2d/3d, but they were aimple-a lot of unused potential here. The control mechanisms are horrible. My only real issue with this game. Otherwise, it's fun (if there's enough patience involved.) Entertaining and not bad story line. Really hoping when I get to the second part the controls would be better. Game will not start at all on a Pixelbook. It throws an Error #3780 and says Touch to Close. Can I get a refund? This is by far the best game ive ever had the pleasure of playing. It took me down so many memory lanes. I love this game. I almost cried after seeing the game change into 3d. Thank you and keep up your good work. Great little pick up and put down game, although I bought this game before the game pass. It is still fun! Very cool going through the stages of game development and evolution. Starts strong but then stumbles once it tries to be a normal game. The controls try to stay simple but end but frustrating once it starts to ask for some precision. Was okay until the 3d controls were unlocked. Then it made walking in dungeons with traps horrific. The moment you step on a tile by lava and another opens your character slides into the lava and you die. The controls are touchy and there are no options to make them stay in place. Instead if you touch your finger on the left side somewhere it makes that the center and it throws off the gameplay. Create a fixed button setting for the controls please. Really fun at first. Then quickly gets very tedious Cool concept, good humor but extremely short for an RPG. Amazing game. Almost beat it, and I love it. I love this game- old school RPG. Very entertaining if you like Zelda type of games. I have been searching for years for a game just like this. Thanks! Overall the game is fun, but too short and fairly easy. The evolution concept is cool and different, I wish each stage lasted longer. I best the game in maybe 6-7 hours of gameplay. Great game idea but it's to small and to short I would love to see a little more improvement on story and story length Really good game, enjoyed it so much! But short (Only like 4-6 hours of game and that's all, no more content) It's a great game. Very reminiscent of all the steps of my childhood. But man is it buggy. It has died on me for no reason (among other less severe bugs) probably about forty times. It's not like they didn't have time to work out the bugs either. Plus the controls are awful, but I think that might partly be my phone. Super lucky to have it during discount. I rarely play RPG game on my phone, but this is a jackpot. Good experience. Fun evolution. Great idea. Super worth your time and money. Very fun game with nods to multiple old games Awesome game! Fun game. It was really fun until I got to the first dungeon and there were no save points. I tried it twice and gave up. Awesome game, I love how it progress through the different types of games. Very fun. Absolutely amazing experience. Breath of fresh air. 100% worth checking out. This is the only mobile game I actually fell in love with. Very fun until it wasn't. Once 3d started kicking in the upgrades were far less and the controls became much worse. Also the 3d looks worse and the hd music sounds worse than their 16 bit versions. Pretty boring and frustrating after 3d Let down by the controls. A beautiful tribute to gaming history falls flat on a controls oversight. A movement control which snaps to new thumb placement is ironically static, with no option for a fixed control placement. Reaching intuitively for a control more often leaves my character stone still as the control reorients to center where I thought "up" was. This handicaps the gameplay to the point of unplayability. Touch-controls are the bane of mobile games, and sadly - for want of one option - the same is true here. Well done, a pretty interesting game. However the controls suck :( not being able to move an attack using touch screen controls cause you to take a lot of hits when you start going into dungeons unless you want to sit there and wait for the enemies to slowly walk in your direction Lots of fun, but sadly peaks quickly if you're too hooked. The game is fun but I wish it was longer I typically don't like mobile RPG and adventure games but this was very good. You cannot even make it past the first level without dying, and it starts you over each time too. This is super frustrating, restarted many times, ended up having to uninstall as a result. This game is brilliant! Clever and quirky, just the right level of difficulty, and an awesome trip through the history of RPGs. Highly recommended. Hands down the best phone game I have ever had the pleasure to play. I enjoyed it so much that I immediately bought number two upon completing this one and then came straight here to leave this review. If you are an old school gamer you are guaranteed to love this. Loved this game, my main complaint is I loved it so much that I want like 100hrs of game play for it like on a FF game(mind you most of those hours would be grinding or finding special items on rare drops). Other complaint is you should be able to use potions to heal hearts. last boss is pretty difficult to get the timing right. Great game I had alot of fun playing hope evoland 2 comes to google play pass too Paid 7aud for this and ive completed it in just over an hour. Don't bother waste of money. This game is so much fun and there are so many nods to old school RPGs!! Can't remember when I had this much fun with a mobile game!? Highly recommended!! Non-playable. After the first 2 screens I constantly get error 1009 and the entire game closes The best game I've EVER played -- and I've played a lot! Create game to play Reaaaaaaaly difficult if you play it bit by bit Fun trip back through gaming history. A well executed, entertaining game whose style and gameplay change, mirroring the styles and gameplay of popular games of the past. Fun and educational! A few things are wrong with this game. First off the creator is trying to recreate older games that used grid movement and aiming with analog, spoiler its clunky and terrible. Save points being spread out is fine and adds to the difficulty of the game. That is only true though if you can hit the mob right in front of you which isn't usually the case and you take damage or die due to bad hitbox calculations. All in all it's an ok game but it really gets held back from using non grid controls Only one little (big) problem. The game is fun and full of eastern eggs or references to classic RPGs, you must play this game if you love the genre. That said, the inventory is not working. Once you open the menu, you can see a small hand/pointer, but there is no way to select objects or interact with them in the inventory. So you can only use potions in the battle menu Played on Google Play Pass. I think anyone under 18 should have to play this. What a wonderful way to help them understand the various evolutions of gameplay we went through. Amazing concept and fun gameplay! Great nostalgic game for me thank you Fun at first but the controls are janky and frustrating. Some locations should have more save points since difficulty goes from super easy to hard Very fun like Zelda but I like this game allot over been playing for a few months now and I'm keeping this one I've tried multiple times but I can't get it to save my game, it's a unique game though and like it but for the save issue two stars Probably the best game ive ever played going to start #2 now. Wish the evolution was a bit slower it seemed to advance super quick early game and mid game it was up to date. An insane amount of fun none the less It's okay, but it has big problems holding it back: the controls suck, and there is like... 1 savepoint in each area. You can't heal midway, EVEN THOUGH you have a healer traveling with you. Finally, dungeon design sucks - it's not fun to fight enemies, they have no HP bar or anything, and the angle is not quite above the character (hard to tell where he is standing exactly) which is a problem when it's time to do an extremely percise dodging puzzle (of which there are several). Didn't finish. No controller support - refunded immediately, hate on screen controls. The game was fun and I invested a lot of time in it. Got to the point of going to the mana tree, and as soon as I go up to it I get. Met with an encounter with some wasps or other random encounter creatures. I can't run away, and if I beat them, I get the credits and it says I beat the game. Clearly a bug? Googled it, all I got was info on the ending and final battle. Which spoiled the whole thing for me. So I uninstalled the game. Thanks. Other than that, great game. It would be nice if there were control settings. Keyboard support. Stuff like that. I would like to stream this game through DeX on my Note 10 but there's no keyboard controls support so I cant do it. I'm an old man who finds mobile gaming frustrating, but now that I have played Evoland, I feel great! #1Up this new permission is a provocation! A great homage to the old-school games, specially JRPGs. Rate this! its great love the humour and references to my all time fave games final fantasy! Great little purchase. loads of fun and a good laugh 😂 good work guys love it, mint lil story of rpg evolution aswell as good plot line and mini games along the way 10/10 😍 Very nice game. Good graphics, simple yet interresting story, nice easter eggs. Controlls are not so good. Obviously this game is better with gamepad. Fantastic game won't start I wanted to like it but I am having a hard time with the last boss because of the clunky controls. Very frustrated. I am forcing myself to attempt the boss three times a day and get more frustrated each time. I probably won't play the second version even though I already purchased it. The beginning of the game is tedious, annoying at best. Many of the game's mechanics are fun, especially the whole "the game evolves as you play" aspect. However, mechanics quickly revert back to the early game once you're out of the 3rd dungeon. These early game mechanics, combined with a higher difficulty as the game progresses, and the atrocious phone controls make this game unplayable. I could've spent the 1€ I used to pay the game and bought a soda instead, and I'd be happier. 太好玩了！！！ Control is horrible The game is unplayable due to unresponsive, often frozen controls. really enjoyed it till the last bit loved it. Great game for anyone who like gaming Uninspiring game with sloppy controls that tries to get away with cheesy dialog. This game is both clever and charming in its premise and execution, but the controls are too sticky for some of the more sensitive puzzles. Find a way to make the controls feel more natural and it's a 5 star game, until then, it just lingers over mediocrity. The game is truly a mobile master piece. Congratulations to the creatives and developers who brought the idea of making a game that evolves in specs along with the story, which makes it really addictive. Just to mention a negative aspect, a bit too short in my opinion, thing that fortunately can be partially mitigated by trying the second part of the game. Again, congratulations! : ) The game is good, but it could be a LOT better if you made more comfortable controls and added a cloud save feature, so that the save data wouldn't be deleted when the game is uninstalled. Fun little game, but it is short Super fun! Absolutely love it. Infuriating. Everytime you die, you have to wait for the entire into cinematic to play and then you have to go back to way before you were when you died. good game fun game fantastic little game. like the old style BUT controls aren't that good, questions are sloughed off by developer, etc. Fun to begin with, uncovering the classic 'development moments' of video-game history raises a smile, but those quickly peter out and I never felt like this element was properly exploited to the benefit of the story/game play. An amazing mobile experience. It's one of, if not, the best mobile games out there. The game LITERALLY gets better as you play. You go through the evolution of the Videogames from pixels to polygons! Different genres too! From top down RPGs to turn base adventure games! What can i say? It's just a nice game. Pure and simple. Highly recommend it. meh Gave it a try but found the touch controls annoying and inaccurate and found what would be easy with a gamepad was annoying with touch. Wouldn't be so much of a problem if it wasn't one hit and you're dead. What made that even more annoying was that when you die there isn't a button to quick restart from last save - you have to tap to go back to the title screen (takes some seconds to load to that), then select continue saved game and although it isn't a huge deal it's just annoying! i bought this game, but it gets buggy in the part where i have to win double twin at champion level, i still loose even when i have more points Well, everytime i press the multitasking button on my Galaxy J7 Prime to access another app and return to Evoland the game goes to a black screen with no sound. Alright, this is a great game. I love the evolution of the game play, it's done well and each stage plays exactly as you'd expect it to. Nothing is really out of character for the time periods it goes through. And i love that it's just a straightforward game too. Just a lot of solid gameplay. Nice👍 One of the best mobile games ever made. good game with bad control. why not create control button like real button that stays in one place? Good game with interesting contents. Some parts are challenging but it has been fun. Enjoyed every minute of the game! Really great how it take you bacl and forth through the ages of rpgs only complaint is its short and not enlugh back and forth. you should have to go full throttle to now and full throttle to the past a couple lf times. One of the best Indie game ever created!!!! the controls suck This is a wonderful take of video game history. When it's on sale, it's worth how little content there is to get through. Good but short. Controls where fine for me. You only die quickly in the start, after you unlock hitpoints it's fine. This is one of the best RPG's I've ever played in 20 years! The concept is original, story is terrific, and the shout-outs to other games is both funny and heart-warming! please support cloud save it's a pretty fun game, but the controls are better suited with a controller, still fun though overall the game has brought back so much nostalgia, from 8-bit to modern day platformers...i love this game...im currently playing evoland 2 and waiting for evoland 3 wasted my money Great game! It is too short though! This is a great experience, fun, quirky, and inspired. It was short and sweet. Issues with bugs and inexperienced design, but it's a great game for its flaws. played this game on mobile first, straight after, i bought the second on steam to play with a controller, its that good! this game is more an intro to the second; but if u like the concept of this game, ull really enjoy the second! very 8 bit love this parody really fun I have this on steam it is a good game. love the graphic evolution. sort of stuck atm this game has amazing charm but I'm taking 3 stars off for very poor design choices in the first Zelda like dungeon. 1) this should be obvious by now that touch screen joypad controls are terrible at precision movement, and there is a section in that dungeon which requires it... i could forgive it if not for.... 2) THE ONLY SAVE POINT IN THE DUNGEON BEING RIGHT BEFORE THIS SECTION! the least they could do is put one just before the boss. 3) textboxes that appear in fight stops your movement silly and cool rpg Amazing game Horrible controls! I like the nostalgia, but it's ridiculous that you have one save point in an entire dungeon. After about the 20th time of falling into the lava from bad controls, it lost it's appeal. No thanks. Much better games out there that are both fun and challenging without the bs. very well done hope to be able to afford the 2nd one this game is very repetitive great game, love the way it evolves!!! great game Brilliant concept, just needs too much grinding to get simple things done Does not have cloud save even though it logs in with google play, lost my progress. This game was awesome! But way too short! I almost feel like I didn't get my money's worth... Definitely worth playing though! Error preventing game from running. Tell me where to send screenshots This game really worth the price would give it 5 stars if it wasnt crazy short hi there this game is cool but i keep getting an error #1000 and force closes my game please help and I'll give it 5* more annoyed that i payed for this game and i cant play it!!! I liked the gams uo until the monsters, and then I realized the sword wasn't that great of a tool for hitting them. I like the idea of going through the hostory od graphics. its a very fun game but it keeps freezing on me and then shutting down and i cant figure out why the best game ever. this game starts off as a pixelated game and I thought it was going to be boring af. but as soon as it turned 3D I was in live with this game so I suggest downloading this game for fun but not only that the story mode is so good Really fun game, takes aspects of Zelda and final fantasy. highly recommend good game just needs better save point placement stupid fun. i cant even explain it. im not usually a videogame person but this just toots my flute in just the right melody. just try it. they have a return option too. btw i am being asked to rate the controls graphics and gameplay. i cannot do that. because some of it sucks, but for a reason. so with that in mind there is nothing at all wrong with the wide variety of quality features. anyway stop reading this and go play it. I have no idea why this game is so highly rated. Is ugly, boring and poorly designed. Can't recomend at all. Add controller support and I'll try again. Love the idea and nostalgia. Floor trap puzzles that require quick and accurate movement are best left off of cell phones. This coupled with very few savepoints, some spanning multiple areas, can be very off putting. Enough to move on to the next game I love it fantastic but short. finished 100% in 2 and a bit hours Needs better save system Incredible Amazing Game! Thank you for this awesome game! Evoland is one of the best! fun dis good The game is okay. The main problem was when I linked my gamepad, the game lagged and played. Maybe if there could be a patch to fix this issue, that would be great. love it Definitely one of the most unique ideas I've ever seen for a game. Enjoyed the changing gameplay. Graphics made me nostalgic. The story could have been better written. Not to say the story was bad. It wasn't. But felt the story was missing something. Still a good game though. great game dude Dope people that complain about the controls is probably pushing down way to hard and that will cause some problems and it's funny how people not only complain about the controls, but also the the different upgrades which I don't understand that , because you constantly get stuff all though the game , just look around, also some stuff is in plain sight like the Fast DVD Player then there is stuff hidden as well , so check those tree's and other area's of the map . Overall this is very good game . Controller is annoyingly bad. I downloaded this because I played it before it is an amazing game please add more story though and try making it longer and can you put the second game on sale? really good game, unfortunately it's let down by clunky controls. tried using a paired controller but it still didn't help. really wish this could be fixed. I find this better than evo land 2 as far as the game itself. devs have done a great job with the overall game. Really good RPG with some nostalgic moments 👍 Amazing game, giving you a taste of videogames from the golden age to the modern times. A must have, no doubt. Just buy it. Most hooked I have been on an andriod game for a while. Hope the second one is as enjoyable Increible juego muy recomendado, es exelente ver como va evolucionando poco a poco. A fun but short game.  I think it only took me about 4 hours or so and I got 91.2% complete rate.  The controls are just awful and that is one thing the developer should improve ASAP.  Otherwise, a fun tribute to FF/DQ/SOM/Diablo/Zelda. the control is not working for me.. gameplay is a bit slow.. old school does not mean old school.. Okay but the final boss is just too op, and not in the fun way. If the controls were better it'd probably be easier, but they arent, so it isn't. very fun evryone shold get it sens its $0.99 but its a litil glichy terrible 'jokes", terrible terrible terrible controls, check points, lack of polish and balance. The best argument against post modernism I've ever seen. A crappy game with not enough save points and to hard parts without save points so have you have to go back to the beginning of the section. Graphics are good though. Would be better if more saving places. Very fun game with an interesting twist on the phone game experience. Work your way from pixelated black white odd school pokemon looking game to a beautiful 3D world fighting monsters in many different fashions. Would suggest! 👌 good game, don't like how it crashes when someone calls me. Great homage to a bunch of games. Loved the concept! Good game, but controller and touch pad is bad :( doesnt function! Nice game with great concept. It's quite short for me though. I reached and defeated the last boss in around 1 day. Hehe. Anyway, good job developers! Keep up the good work in developing great games with unique concepts. 😀👍 one think that is bad is the controls on the game you cant control it for sometime Nice game, horribel controlls. fun game well worth the price and no microtransactions exactly what I expected. Awesome !!! the game is genius... super enjoyable. Overall a good game. Controls a bit touchy. Game is also kinda short. this is basically a parody of classic RPGs of days of old, I see inspirations from Final Fantasy, Legend of Zelda, Diablo, Breath of Fire and more. Really is a nice game, but controls can be better, with the free touch scheme, it's actually hard to navigate when you need precision movement, like in the lava section. Once I lift my left thumb, I need to reorient my hand because the virtual d-pad moved, and it's making the control like hell in those lava sections. This is why I only gave you 4". fun game. waaaaay too short for a paid game. controls are HORRIBLE making it incredibly difficult to play an easy game, needs options to fix the control location on the screen and not move around Incredibly impressive, I can't imagine how difficult this game would have been to make! Bit annoying in parts, but the reason I'm giving just 4 stars is because it doesn't seem well suited to the on-screen controls (the controls themselves aren't terrible, but parts of the game require very fine control). Also some UI elements don't work too well on a mobile device (e.g. diablo style inventory needs to be scaled up to see anything). I laughed everything I could off playing this game. Totally recommend if u r an old school RPG player, or just a geek who appreciates old RPGs Controls are AWFUL. Slow to respond and floaty. D-pad would be a much better fit. Definitely captured the frustration of older games. Everytime the visuals change you lose all healing and save points then get dumped into a wall of enemies. An incredibly fun little game! It's short (took me maybe 3 or 4 hours of casual gameplay to complete, not collecting quite 100% of collectibles), but when you consider that this game was made by a handful of people in 48 hours it is really fantastic, would thoroughly recommend for the 59p it cost Mediocre at best. The game has a few good ideas but it seems that developers don't understand one simple but essential thing: games they are spoofing all have very intuitive and precise controls and this game, unfortunately, does not. really cute idea, but the controls told it back. the falling/trick floor puzzles suck. i tried hooking up a Bluetooth gamepad to serve the problem, but this game doesn't support gamepads... Wish I could keep playing, but that's just been too frustrating. hey I just bought this game the other day and it seems like its not working after the second day of playing........Please fix this or i am gonna need a refund.FIX This Palease my phone is PL5505. the app does not run on android q beta. could you please look into the same? thanks! Corny humour, trying to get good scores with referencing every single good rpg ever, bad gameplay, don't waste your time/money on this Great game so far. I love the concept of always upgrading your game along with yourself. The only problem I have thus far is not knowing what the enemy's HP in turn-based combat is. I'm not huge on guessing haha In awe and feeling nostalgic the whole way through. So this brought back many fond memories of old school games with clear inspiration from Final Fantasy, Zelda and Diablo to name a couple of the inspirations they said themselves. it's a very clever game in what it does but do not expect a long game that takes itself seriously. It very much ignores the 4th wall and is very self-aware, something that only adds to the enjoyment of the game. Great game but on the Samsung S10 I cannot view achievements. Every time I select achievements it signs me out of Google Play. I BLOODY SHAT MESELF Good concept, nice and varied art, but awful controls and tired design really hold it back. I get trying to emulate old-school games, but not like this. Showing off the past is cool, not learning it's lessons isn't. Nice concept but I find some parts of the gameplay quite problematic. Game was also too short and not worth my money. I really enjoyed the game and it's love note to retro gaming. However, when I load my game save I am stuck on a black map without any recourse to resume my progress. Only thing I see is a minimap. Really ruins the game for me. Great concept, starts off on a good foot - unlocking the history of rpg development. Unfortunately, the fun and incentive drops off a little after unlocking 3D - clunky joystick, inconsistent savepoints, chests that do "You just unlocked traps! try to get out, lol", poor level designs - it just becomes annoying to play Absolutely brilliant game. Perfect mix of adventure and puzzle with lots of little easter eggs, I played it from start to finish in 6 hours solid and was hooked instantly. Highly recommended! Beautiful crash course on the history of gaming The idea to make an evolutionary game is simple to think of, nostalgia alone gives you that. But to do it, and do it in such a clever way? Playdigious did it! 💗 (Takes a bit long to start up, though (logos), can that be shortened?) amazing. this raises the mobile rpg bar. my.only gripe is way too short and more depth would is needed to feel like a complete game esp. for a rpg. 88/100 WOAH AMAZING GAMEM WHEN I SAW IT I WAS LIKE WOW THIS GAME LOOKS NICE SO THEN I DONLOADED IT AND THERE WAS JUST A THOUGHT IN MY HEAD ABOUT THIS GAME IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!! 😇 This game is an awesome tribute to the history of Legend of Zelda and Final Fantasy with references to other great games. The variation in gameplay keeps it feeling fresh from beginning to end. My only complaint is that it isn't longer. i win card at champion lvl and the game show that i lose interesting concept but controls are so bad Really fun. Goes through a bunch of different game styles. Maybe don't set up a game to require precise movement by the player when the on-screen controls you're given them make it impossible. Bought this on sale with low expectations and was blown away! This game was like a time machine with all of my favorite rpg elements cycled into one game! Great job, devs! The game was entertaining until the evolutions stopped. At that point it felt like it became a Final Fantasy knock off and not a good one. The game encourages you to revisit zones for collectibles but doesn't maintain upgrades between them (ranging from minimap to even graphic style). As a whole, it outstays it's gimmick. Excellent game the only downside are that it's pretty short and the controls aren't the best with the touchscreen but definitely worth a playthrough The "upgrade-the-game-as-you-advance" concept is good. However, there seems to be nothing too new on this game compared to other RPG games. Also, the most striking negative comment is that the controls are so bad, such that getting hit by enemies and falling into lava in caves are so common even though I navigate really carefully. Шикарна гра, яку проходиш не відриваючись. Нажаль вона значно коротша, ніж друга версія, але раджу спробувати обидві. ви будете задоволені. Pretty good, but not a fan of puzzles and stuff like that. I know there's a lot of games with that, but I just want an RPG/ action game. Wish'd they warn me first before I paid for this. Yea, this seems like old Zelda + old FF. Two games I dont really like. Enjoyable but a little short. But worth the (currently on-sale) price. great fun game, only thing is it seemed really short. great game, a lot of fun First RPG I have played on a phone. Takes around 5 hours to finish. Very good game and controls works really well. Highly recommended. I enjoyed this game on my phone though it got a little laboriolus towards the end - not compatible with chromebooks that lack touchscreen (this did not affect my rating just a note) good idea. poor execution. 1 hit death returns you to home screen which is super annoying Meh. Cute idea, but it's buggy. I bought the Phoenix Down and suddenly I can't interact with npcs, get items, search barrels, use the fountain, or get the crystal in the cave. That means I'm stuck. Superb app. Reminds me of "Legend Of Zelda", only better. Cheap nostalgia, awful controls, unnecessary mechanics. Give this one a skip not even able to get past the title screen. was a waste of my 80p because i basically bought nothing I am giving 3 stars simply based on the idea and gameplay type. Unfortunately, I was never able to install the game so I can't fill in the other two. I went through troubleshooting to see if it was on my end, but that didn't work, either. not sure, the game wont open Payed for the app and it wont let me play. I open the app and get an error. There is a red bar across the top telling me to "touch to close". Don't even know if the game is good or not. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling, and nothing changed. Asked Google Assistant for a refund. (BTW if anyone else had tge same issue Google Assistant can help, just ask "I want a Google Play refund") A great little rpg for fans of the genre, I never buy games but pleased I did this one worth the $1 hands down but need to patch the controls just horrible sometimes I loved this game reminded me a lot of zelda AWESOME. Looking forward to playing the second one. Controls are hit or miss on my SM-T580 tablet. i love it i never cared for some rpg game but this one is very special and it gets right to the point after i beat the first one im gobna play the cond one 5 Star a must buy!!! ☺❤❤❤ Good idea, but the game is very frustrating because of the directional controls. I can't count how many times I've fallen into a pit or ran in the wrong direction. There are so many other mobile games that get this right, so it's frustrating to see this port suffer so bad because of it. the game freezes imediately when i select a new game. may i please have a refund? Great little game that let's you explore the evolution of adventure/rpg gaming from its early graphical days(8-bit) to 3 dimensional HD. Well worth the price and leaves you nostalgic, wanting to pick up all those 8bit/32bit titles from your youth! I started play Robotrek again thanks to this game. :D Hi can evo land support control pads? Great little game. lots of fun I enjoyed playing Evoland and I'm looking forward to playing Evoland 2! it is a short game, easy enough to get all Google Play Achievements and enjoyable to play! clunky controls kill an otherwise great game Interesting Idea, Crappy Mechanics Too hard not to die in first level Great game. Short but still more than worth the price. The little references to other games were a nice touch! Fun game. Pretty good story. Many references to other games. Also pretty funny. Probably the best dollar I spent on the store. Its okay although the final boss had FPS issues. it's not an amazing game but the idea is nice fun! great game but controll is suck Evoland 1 story short than Evoland 2 so much but it still fun the first time i saw ending show up i thought it unreal ending but it wrong!!! IT REAL ENDDDDD never mine just enjoy with game enough don't forget Evolved 2 still waiting Çok güzel düşünülmüş bir oyun. Hikayenin ve oynanışın grafiklerden öncelikli olduğu nadir oyunlardan. This game is easily among the best on phones. actually pretty fun worth your money if you need a fun lite rpg evoland is a fantastic tribute to the way rpgs have evolved over the years. fantastic game beautifully made. well worth the price. challeging but not too difficult. the music is great, a lot of work has gone into this and its definitely payed off! Great game with a good story.I enjoy playing it. 5 stars short af Fun game. Easy to play. Finished it and just bought the sequel. I have just begun the game and felt the need for an initial review. I am loving this! I have been smiling and laughing through the entire experience. If you're a geek like moi, you will adore your time in Evoland! The humour, references and playstyle of each era is spot on! I will post more as I progress through the game. Be well folks! Wonderful tribute to the history of gaming. beautiful graphics and clever mechanics. Error #3702 I get this error with a red line at the top of the screen and the game makes me tap to close it. Never even got to play. Fun 👌 Awful. Great concept but like old games when killed you've got to navigate a ton of old content just to get to the part where you had trouble. It gets old fast and its one retro thing that I never liked experiencing either back in the day or now. Controls are touchy as well so failure to attack when you need to, or falling into lava via mistepping is common. I bought this game and regret it immensely. I'm deleting it as its just an exercise in frustration. I would NOT recommend. An entertaining and challenging game. Well worth the price. Would give 5 stars if the controls were stable. Please do something about the control. Very clunky. Makes it difficult to move around in dungeon especially. Give users option for a fixed position control pad A very Unique game trust me shockingly poor controls provide a reminder that terrible old style gameplay is best left in the past A beautiful lesson in RPG gaming history disguised as a game. The concept is fantastic and pays plenty of homage to core games in the genre such as Zelda and Final Fantasy. The script writing also includes references to more modern games like Skyrim. I enjoyed this purchase. Good RPG Apps should specify that they won't be allowing you to transfer it to an SD card. Amazing nostalgia and details full of references. Also very unique and versatile Beautiful game! A bit short but enjoyable to the last minute my favorite game except the only thing I would suggest is having a "are you sure you want to restart the game" box when you click new game because it is so small i accidentally sometimes click new game. other than that best mobile game I have. error 1009 when try to play, app crashes within the first minute of playing everytime Using a controller and am super happy with this game so far because it reminds me of ye old FF and Zelda days. $1 is a steal! This gake is designed wonderfully! I look forward to playing the 2nd game. Not an RPG. A platformer. Fun concept. If people dont mind the platform parts, then this is an awesome game. Having to use dpad-style skills to navigate lava-filled maze is just not what I expect in an RPG. The game is very great. The way you unlock variances of gaming and graphics. BUT. Less than 2hrs and it's over. That's it? $0.99 isnt much, yet we can play EVERY free game and even some trials longer than 2 hrs. Sometimes fun sometimes frustrating game. The way the game changes as you play is fun and unique. There are times when the controls are un-responsive or too touchy. There are times where i would have prevered Turn based strategy vs Real time. Seems like fun but game runs for about 10 seconds, then crashes with error #1009. its a good game over all, clever and is a mix of zelda and final fantasy. The lack of save pionts is annoying, though. nice game but some nivels is too difficult I love the game and concept but there is a random encounter every 15 seconds or so. I counted. it makes the game so slow and repetitive please take them out or make them more rare plz plz plz very very fun game i love i it bacically evolves from a 1990s game to a 2015 game its really cool to see how the graphics changed over time i reccommend this game its really fun Excellent game, interesting story and twists. The game/graphics evolving is cool and all the little jokes were in place. It was fun playing it beautiful game and so so creative. no lame IAP. really clever design and parody of rpg tropes 7.2/10 Too much evolution. The story is short.. Looks great, but seriously marred by some absolutely wicked difficulty spikes, poor controls, iffy combat and frustratingly infrequent save points. meh Looks like a really fun game and nice throw back to old RPGs; however I did not get very far into the game before getting frustrated to the point of game rage at the controls, I kept dieing in the same spot because of them. After about 5 deaths in a row having to go all the way back to the title screen before clicking continue I gave up and quit the game. doesn't work with one sided game controllers i love the concept, the graphics, the story & gameplay. Literally, my only complaint is that it's over too quickly. Great rpg that hi-lights the evolution of rpg's. Unique, humorous, well programed, fun, but a touch short. Well spent $1 Would be a perfect 5 if they had an option to lock the location of the left thumbpad. Lava puzzles were awful because of poor control. Otherwise, a solid loveletter to the genres history. it wasnt worth the 1.49 that i paid for. you get hit once then you have to restart. i didnt like that. the controls were hard to use and the storyline was rather drole. anyway, ive played better games from playstore for free that have peaked and kept my interest for a while. I have to pay for this and delete it out of boredom five minutes later.....? A fun RPG in the style of Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy, and Diablo. This story is short and simple. It makes for a great mobile game. If you want better controls, play it on PC with a controller. The sequel is fantastic, but I can only recommend it on PC. Both games are available on Steam. I love the game but LAG. LAG MADE ME DIE TONS OF TIMES WHEN I SHOULD'VE BEEN ABLE TO AVOID DEATH. Anyways other than lag I have no problems whatsoever. please fix. I have it on PC... its educational and entertaining this game is pretty cool but when you get to the 3D world section. the screen flips and all the dimensions are off making it painful to play and freaking hard to control! i think it's a bug with the phone cause when i enable it disable my auto rotation feature it switches upside down. but i can't get the screen to play sideways anymore. that definitely needs to be fixed! This was actually a really good idea for a game. Short, but it was definitely worth the .99$ i paid for it. Now I'll probably end up buying Evoland 2 👍. This game is simple and short, but has a neat feature where over time the game upgrades itself through different generations of rpgs. It is most heavily influenced by final fantasy, zelda, diablo, and other great titles. It is worth at least watching gameplay if you aren't willing to buy it, because it is fantastic! I liked the concept of going from old gen to new. I believe the cost is well worth the game. It was fun. Couple of drawbacks, The storyline was really short. There is not very good replayability. When you beat the last boss, that's it, there is no post game content. You reload back to right before the boss. All in all, I enjoyed the game very much and I thank the creators for this little gem. its a fun game but the controls are hard to deal with a great little game. just as its getting really good it ends... But it inspired the 2nd game which just fixes everything this game was missing. I buy this game today and I having problems with. the game it self stop and shows text error: #1009. I send and email to the support group but I don't an answer. I hope a litter help with that. Absolutely magnificent. An amazing, short, immersive, and overall fun game that i think any fan of video games should play. A++ Unresponsive controls, don't buy this piece of garbage Make sure you know just how short this game is before purchasing. Literally only took about an hour of game time. amazing game. I've owned on Steam for several years and never touched. decided to download when it was on sale last week. excellent game wirh controller support. was a ton of fun. now to wait on part 2 to go on sale. Fabulous retro zelda type game. I really enjoyed it. I much preferred the earlier 2D bits over the 3D gameplay. does not work. period. maybe for about 6 seconds then crashes. I like it so far, but the sword doesn't function with spacebar or any other key on my android keyboard. Using galileo pro. Any advice? error touch to close incredible possibly the best phone game I've played. it's so unique, although it pulls from many games it manages to bridge them together in a fun and new way. I highly recommend! fun and old school, but some of the old school frustrations as well It's a good game but the grinding for coins to buy upgrades is so much. I do really like the idea of changing the reality between dimension but still not that good. 5/10 Stars I just finished beating the game after playing for about 6 hours straight, it was great! The story was nice, at first it didn't have much of a story but it came on quite smoothly where you forget about the actual concept of the game, and are more focused on saving the world. Very good game, I'll come back to it to get the achievements and such. I've completed 88.2... % of everything so far Neat concept. Largely a Final Fantasy parody. Very short though, and with very choppy controls that will cause great frustration. Great game. Clearly blends (rips) aspects of Zelda, Final Fantasy 8, and Diablo. Not giving it 5/5 mainly because of the controller, and giving 4 because there is no 3.5 based on the essential need in games like the above mentioned where looting is a major factor. Movement pad should stay in place, some areas are ridiculously frustrating due to this. And looting just for sakes of achievement ain't gratifying enough. great game with a very cool concept as jack of all trades but master of none. Nice. Wish it was a bigger game. Great game, however the game was in black in white for me. Dont know if it was suppsoe to have color or not and it is pretty short . very fun, got a few hours of play Good enough to make me instantly buy the sequel Fun and easy to get through. Really short though but for a buck was great! A Linear Educational Humorous Single Player Evolving Experience. An amazing nostalgia trip with progression from classic RPGs to modern ones... Inspired by a mix of Legend of Zelda and Final Fantasy creating a quite unique variation of gameplay... Not a deep and long series but enjoyable nonetheless... the main grip of the game is horrible control especially the joystick... it's hard to control especially at trap floor section where tight control is required... It really is a great game and I love it, but the story could be a little bit longer. Novel concept but gets dull once you get to the 3d section (not long into the game) as others have said controls on mobile cause a lot of frustration. Might be better with a game pad. Ok value on sale but wouldn't pay full price great fun Great game and trip through gaming, as others have mentioned the controls are a bit finicky. Using a gamepad works great though, and the touchscreen controls aren't a major downfall. A history lesson on gaming history wrapped up in a great game. Atrocious controls with no options to change them. Game won't rotate so I had to hold the phone upside-down. and when you die (which is easy because the controls suck) you have to start completely over. I understand what they tried to accomplish, but frankly they chose the wrong platform for it and it's unplayable. "A wonderful trip down memory lane." The game is a love letter to old Final Fantasy and Zelda games. We follow Clink (Cloud and Link mashed together) through his somewhat generic quest to save the world. Along the way you will get to see the evolution of the RPG and adventure genres in graphics and mechanics, which is the most interesting part of the game. There are a lot of refferences for fans of these genres, and it's worth the 1$ I paid for it. Unfortunately the game is short and the story is barely there. Still recommended. awesome game with no gliches and pretty hard! The controls are terrible. They are so floaty and awful when all you need is grid controls. Glad I got it on sale because its frustrating to play. Great game with bluetooth controller support! Honestly I wanted to give it a 5 star rating. Unfortunately I have two complaints. 1. Rather heavy imput lag. This wasn't that big of a problem until I came around the areas with lava traps. I made sure this was not the fault of my controller. 2. Very short story, and there is not much to do after that. I beat the game in one sitting. Also, I wish I did not have to lose my only party member for the plot. It made turn based battles more tedious. Played it. Loved it. Worth it. Simply great. A Loveletter to J- and C-RPGs showing the evolution of games and the game systems. Garnered with a light but nice little story ala Final Fantasy. A little snack of a game just fitting for mobile gaming. Controls are good and I had only in one sequence performance problems on my S8+ due to many enemies on the screen at once. But nothing to serious. All in all a great little game. Once you get past the novelty it, the actual gameplay is generic and not fun. The controls need to be fixed. :( Crashed Pros: Short Story. Easy to use mobile controls. Helps showcase how games have developed. Cons: No Cloud saves. As a homage to old Zelda and Final Fantasy games it's quite nice. As a game it is very weak. Boring and annoying. I use one plus 6T, had no problem with any other games but this one, the game controls truly drive me nuts. Buttons are extremely insensitive. At a point the attack button got stuck and I made it through the level by mostly dodging encounters. In the trap room, I was stuck after getting pushed into a movable block by mobs and had to exit to the main menu...game exp is negative at this point, I don't know if it's bugs or compatibility issues or am I just unlucky. If you think your hair's too thick, play this game, it will help you thin up the hair no problem. Was fun and nostalgic Gorgeous game! Absolutely loved it. Such an original idea and so well made. Downside is it's a short game; finished in about 4 hours as stated, so I've purchased Evoland 2 to continue the fun! Can't wait for another 20 hours of this! Excellent game. Had a lot of fun! It brings me back to the classics Control for attack are real bad, plus only lasts 4ish hours. Barely worth the 99 cents, don't pay more or you'll be disappointed Good fun to see the game evolve as you play. Bargain at 89p! It's really good Shortest paid app ever. Not worth the money. Love this game, first played it on Steam and was happy to see it on here. The D pad is a crime against mobile gaming however. Makes the game unreasonably difficult at times. Feel like I got a psone for the first time again. Great game on any platform. Best I've played on a cell. This game is great. I just finished the game and while it was pretty short it was fun and had a lot of nostalgia. I already bought Evoland 2 and plan on beating that game as well. Probably my favorite phone game it's worth the price and it's very fun any zelda lover will enjoy this game Great game... with a keyboard or controller. Just doesn't work on a touch screen. Don't waste ur phone space Short game would have been cooler if you still got experience from other fights. The monsters are to many and too deadly. Please get rid of half of them. As far as I can tell the monsters can attack in all directions, my avatar cannot. Dying less than a minute after the game starts is not fun. Maybe later in the game I get a power up, all I have now is the crappy sword. One of my best mobile game experiences ever! Definitely worth every penny Great gameplay, Graphics aren't bad either, bought both games. 10/10 would play again. Nostalgia filled game that replays the evolution of the RPG genre filled wuth tributes to classic games such The Legend of Zelda. Great game Force closes immediately, can't even start it. OnePlus 6, Android 9. Just loved this game, couldn't put it down. For 99 cents def worth it Nice game, great idea. It's a pity that it's coming even more to the present day with the graphics and nowadays widespread idle and rpg currents. Love the gameboy beginning tho. I am playing on a Galaxy S7 and I had heavy lag while killing spiders and fighting the firebal Boss(the 3 red fireballs) followed by a bit of fast forward motion(thus never managing to kill the final boss. Cool overall, good job This game is fun for the first few minutes and then just becomes incredibly tedious. Not worth the dollar. Fun concept Error 1009 keep popping out as soon as I play for a few second. Please fix Great game that takes you through the evolution of gaming!! Really fun and interesting! The evolution of graphics is cool, having to start over sometimes is retro. Got real boring after a bit. Couldn't even get through the story because it was so much walking around talking to people. Love this game. It's beautiful to watch the glorious evolution of gaming while watching how pathetic smartphones have become as mine slowly dies trying to play this game. 10/10 would kill my phone again. Started reasonable then became an awkward game of dodgeball. Why I keep getting error 1009 when playing round battle? I am using OnePlus 6T. Great game, but the controls ruin it for me. It needs a controller or a major rework of the virtual stick. Movement is incredibly frustrating. lol love it love it so funny got to see more of this game looks great on tv Great game that adapts to mobile perfectly. More like a parody of tech than game. This is not a rpg game. This is parody of rpg game. Not.. sure about the point, why it should be played at all. Starts off well, but ultimately just becomes frustrating as one just randomly wanders around hoping to find items before being killed. Fun in the beginning, then got boring really fast. Blizzard and Square Enix are going to sue them soon Good game, but to short. I beat this in day. I was hoping there were extra things after boss fight. Nope just transported back to the mana tree. Collected all stars, and I beat champion mode for double twin with only 9 of 23 cards. Didn't have an urge to collect the rest. However double was a much more fun game then I originally anticipated. I am hoping evoland 2 is better and longer. Almost perfect. Just cant list cards/achievement for collectors like me. Great Short but very sweet. I love the nostalgia and the nods and winks to classic RPGs. Only issue I had was framerate drops like others have mentioned. Still. Had a real blast playing it. A great game with multiply dimensions of past games. It lets you try a little 16-bit of everything while coloring everything else with familiar people. Something is telling me i have met this enemy from somewhere before... Also there are a few bugs in the game. In the final boss fight, your first attack after moving doesn't aim at the boss. It does make you miss a few hits when hitting the arm and the boss. Remember to face the boss before attacking to aim at the boss. Also, since you can't see the movement pad, you can sometimes end up unable to move. Try avoid moving your finger too far to make sure the invisible movement pad stays where you can click to move. I hope you enjoy the game as much as i have. Just went from iOS back to Android, and had to buy this game again. This isn't a complaint, just expressing how much I enjoy this title. My son and I own it on several platforms. It's one of my favorites. I want my money back! The game is too hard i cant beat the second Boss bcs all the monsters spawn again even if u already killed them :( I like die the game till today And i want my money back This is a classic "one idea" game in which the only good thing is the one tempting idea of evolving through RPG history. The creator is clearly unsure whether to make a commentary of RPG game or a playable RPG game, and fell into the awkward middle. It asks for a lot of effort from players like a real RPG game, with tedious random monster fights every 5 seconds on the map, but offers little more than a superficial commentary of the RPG history. They should have either made the gameplay easy and focused on presenting the ideas, or just make a really fun RPG game with an interesting idea on top of it. Amazing The game started well with some great ideas but in the 2nd dungeon it just got rediculous. If you die every mob in the whole dungeon respawns but health doesn't. You save before the final puzzle but then the boss is on the other side of the dungeon through all the traps and mobs so if you die you have to wade through it all again. Generally getting to the boss with next to no health where he kills you pretty handily. Honestly I wanted a relaxed bit of rpg fun but feels more like dark souls. Brilliant idea with a fun way of providing insight into the evolution of games. However this game was not made with phone controls in mind, the touch screen provides terrible awkward gameplay., frustrating movement and a serious lack of precision. Purchase this game on a console or pc for a much better experience, touchscreen really does the game an injustice and makes it barely playable on the platform. Real shame but with a better input device this would be a gem. Very interesting to see where video games have come, from 2d to 3d I did like it but having a problem with this game after leaving the black citadel the game went dark and I can't move around please help me out or i will have to uninstal this great game and I really don't want to do it please please please fix this problem. Thanks Good game. Good concept. Bad level design and execution. It's a very simple game with a one-trick pony of gameplay evolution. However, the gameplay itself is simplistic and somewhat boring. Worst of all, some if the levels are horribly and frustratingly difficult with mobile controls. Really cool game with a really nice conceit. A trip through the history of game development... But not in a boring way. Very fun and playable. Highly recommended! The D-pad changes location when you tap some place on the left-hand side of the screen, meaning you have to fight the controls more than fight the monsters. There's no option to fix it to one place, either. There is a lack of save points in the southern caves, making getting back to the boss a slog. I get all of the retro inspiration, but it doesn't make for a fun to not include modern sensibilities! it is a boring bad game guys, the idea behind it is really nice but the execution is terrible It's good and nostalgic I parked the airship in the middle of Edel Vale. How to fix this? An interesting concept and an overall pleasant experience. However, there were quite a few times where things began to lag, such as during the final fight when the boss launches three projectiles, and I have an S7 which came out after this game. This is the best 89p I ever spent! Loved it. Little short but for the price it's a real banger I have enjoyed this game so far. A lot of fun unlocking the different upgrades to the game. My problem is every once in a while, the game will freeze, my phone will restart, and my saved game will be gone. Many people say can finish this game in a few hours so maybe will just play straight through, but definitely a lot of fun. Way too difficult A deceptively simple labor of love to the good ole' days of the 16 and 32 bit era of RPGs, as well as their evolution into the 3D realm. The game is fairly short, but for the price you likely won't find a more complete and thoughtful RPG experience on the appstore. Good idea but not delived well to short definitely just get the 2nd one this one is not worth the monney Controls do not translate well to mobile. Sucks the fun out of it. Great game Old school RPG that isn't too long Okay game with good idea and horrible control. If I paid original price, this game would be 2 stars. For the price game play is extremely short, collectables and hidden items are too easy to find. Final boss was a puny. Awful controls. Runs flawlessly on Pixel 3 XL, Very fun gameplay but poor controls made certain segments and one of the achievements infuriating. Also there is a bug that prevents 100% completion. After finishing everything the game has to offer you finish with 99.1% according to the credits. Supposedly this was patched in other versions. Would rate 5 stars if not for this bug and the control issue. Good game. Please add controller support though! :) Here's my honest ratings: 1)Graphics:The graphics start with the old pixel style and keeps on evolving to reach the final stage of 3D models. It is on itself unique and great. 4.5/5 2)Controls:The controls could some work. It is not that bad and is really playable but it is not perfect. 3.7/5 3)Story:The story is your typical save the world scenario and *spoiler alert* the cliche close companion death scenario. But all in all its ok. 4/5 4)Combat:The combat can be changed using the time travel crystals between straight attacks and area attacks(simplest way I can put it). There are three weapons in the late game which all have their own specialties. 4/5 5)Offline/Online?:Offline Total - 4.2/5 A really engaging, charming RPG-lite experience. The evolution of the graphics, sound, and gameplay through the course of the game is a lovely touch, and takes the player through the history of RPG video games. I played it on an Android TV streaming box with a controller, and it was a flawless experience. Well worth the price! Being able to lock the movement pad on the left would be nice. The current set up makes it so easy to lose control and fall for traps Good game but really really too short Fun to play but the movement control needs work. The control moving each time is very annoying for precise control. The attack button on the other hand is static some flexibility there would be good. Goty! Skyrim References. Great game, although I wish it were longer I just purchased the game. But I can't install it on my other phone with same google account. Why?? Please help me. Excellent Super cute!!! Very cool walk down memory lane, a lot of good mechanics fitting with the visuals. I really enjoyed the time travel section. Congratulations on a great game. I know you might not update this game anymore. But let me tell you my problem with this app. Firstly, it doesn't save my progres in the cloud, so if I reinstall this game, it will restart from the beginning. It makes me not comfortable to play this game, because I need to restart all over again. Secondly, the control are okay, but at some points are annoying. You should give this game a settings for the control, D-Pad mode, Analog mode, adjusting controller location, etc. My first video game systems were 8-bit, and this is like a walk through Nostalgia Town. Love it! Nice game but very short and eady to finish. Very charming little RPG, I was really enjoying it but the controls are a nightmare when it comes to the walking and slashing combat. The "thumbstick" on the left which is responsible for movement was quite temperamental and unresponsive, sometimes not working at all. It would have been great on the Nintnedo Switch or 3DS, but unfortunately I don't think it works on Mobile. Then again, it was only 79p. I have lost more for less. It's a satire of the Final Fantasy series. A lot of thought went into this. A great little game. Awesome game, bad control. Especially in the final boss battle. I've done all achievements, collect all stars and card's, but after completing it's tell me 99.1%, which is sad, because really nothing left to do. Still it's a awesome game, already bought Evoland 2. Thank you for your hard work! Algo corto, pero corregido con su segunda parte. Muy recomendable Moved to a new phone and my data didn't transfer over the otg or through play games. Very disappointed about having to start over. Reconsidering it. I really, really want to play and enjoy this game, but whenever I use my Bluetooth controller, it's lags terribly! Then when I try playing without the control, runs smooth. Please fix this The is an amazing walk through the history of game development. Not enough save points. No good for short play sessions on the train Such a great game just short. I cant get thru the first 30 secons without the game stopping and giving me an error code of #1009!!! Annoying!! I hope I can get my money back, cause I cant play anything!!! It wasn't long, but it was fun. Mostly straightforward but a few challenging parts. All and all great game. Really love it... If you love this game, then you should try the evoland 2 too Never good at this kind of game, but this game is very interesting i love it. Excellent game was skeptical at first, but it was well worth the money. Very nostalgic and love the action. Short but fun and challenging. You can play an average of 10hrs to finish Wow i got dumber.when i plaued thia when i was 6 i could get past the maze but for some reason right now 10 yrs old i cant do it.11/10(bein serious) Awesome game design! Already bought 2nd part Best mobile RPG I have ever played, can't stop replaying! Control pad is unplayable Game will not auto rotate on Android 9.0. I never understand why Dev's don't enable this by default Terrible controls To start I have to say I love the main menu music. As for the game, it's awesome. Very faced paced and smooth. It's really quite fun. Great game. Too bad you can't rotate the screen. A bit shorter than I would have liked (full day of playing going for 100%), gonna download Evoland 2 right away! It has an unusual but excellent start, but then cut ahort to end game when i just started enjoying the game. A pity? the dungeon with the undead king do have serious performances issues on slower devices but the rest of the game is great. Good. Great game! I enjoy it very much! But bad, unresponsive commands are taking a great deal of fun from it. BEST GAME EVER The game is amazing the one thing that stops this being 5 stars it that th final boss fight you are given no instructions and I had to Google to to beat him after I got find of his arms Just paid and downloaded the app and it doesn't work. Starts to load the game and then error # 1009 flashes up and won't let me play it at all Good work on the game i will play the second one Well its a great concept, but evoland is just so short and basic in story and exploring areas (two really important things for rpgs) that you can only feel like you played a demo and not a full game, and ao i was not able to enjoy the game at all. I find the mages too difficult to fight on the mobile I play on. Although a little short, the game was great. The controls were a little lacking, often not registering input. Awful phone controls. The games 3d adventure portions were designed with a bit more precision than modern mobile phones allow with just touch screen joystick emulation. It really isn't worth playing it on a mobile device, as it leaves you more frustrated than entertained Very simple gameplay, but touch controls are just disgusting Just finished the game(93.8%) truly AMAZING, i played it for 13 hours sraight with bathroom brakes only thats how good this game is. Is got everything😉 you lobe in a game.... even the side game could have been a stand alone game😂... really impressed and I'm gonna install Evoland 2 now.... Great game overall, totally recomend it Touch screen controls need work. Dying repeatedly because the controls don't want to respond correctly is very frustrating. Very good game, gameplay is well thought out and liking the references to other games too. Keep it up devs. Great game. I don't expect much from mobile games but this hit it out the park. I'm buying evoland 2 right now. The best I played so far in android. Would give 5 starts if I had access to achievements afted I ended the game 91.8% completed but would play again! For a mobile game Evoland has a lot of depth & hours of puzzles, battles, and exploration! (I especially enjoyed the "time travel" mechanic) Definitely goes beyond your expectations of a $0.99 game Awesome game with fun gameplay and a good story. I was sad when it was over. Looking forward to the sequel! However, I had huge framerate drops during the last boss fight when the red attack happened, making it nearly unplayable. This was on a Galaxy S7 Edge... I managed to struggle through, but it made things very difficult. Apart from that, fantastic! This game would get five stars if the controls weren't so awful. It's pretty tough to fight the fireball mages and navigate the tornado maze when you can't control your player. I won't buy Evoland 2 because of this. Bravo. Best game I've seen in the playsotee for a while Controls make this game mostly unplayable or at least super frustrating. The concept is good and if the controls worked better it would probably be fun. Definitely regret paying for it. Story and Gameplay = GREAT! Control = BAD! Please fix it... Thank you all... Well done, very creative game...good for all ages The game is a very basic sampling of RPG history (and not very good at that). Not challenging and no story. Not what I was expecting (I'm still looking for A Link to the Past). 2D is over to quickly. Perfect game! I recommended Great game. But there's a bug in the noria mines. I killed the boss, but his bat spawn killed me right after. Now every time I enter the boss room the game crashes with error 1009. 1 star until this gets fixed. Other than that I was having a great time with it. Refunding for now. Game is great! But I can't beat Zephyros because every time he throws the three red balls the framerate goes drastically down until they are out of the screen. Then, it kind of try to compensate that with super fast framerate until it gets to normal, but it is at this moment when he throws the blue ball, so it's too fast to catch. Paid my dollar. Got the logo splash screens. Then two lines of red text saying "error type: error 1009" So, unplayable. Will change rating if this changes. Excellent game like Zelda Oceanhorn and Swordigo. Oceanhorn better mainly because this game is short Lovely game just honestly way too short. Finished in one day. Would be 5 star if supported bluetooth controllers. Short and sweet lol Nice Concept but too Short Hi i would like a refund please! Thank you! The first step of game evolution should be.. Putting new game and continue menu items further away from each other. On Kirin 659 and 3GB RAM I got some bad lag toward the end. Not making the game unplayable, but on mid range up to date hardware you expect it to handle this. Gameplay is good, and funny in places, if a little short. What's mind blowing though is the amount of effort clearly put into this title and I paid less than a pound. I hope for the dev's sake that this is all according to some larger plan. This is easily console quality (performance issues aside) Enjoyable but rather buggy Dope A fun, charming game that's a steal at the current $1 price. The controls  however are a bit of a pain with the dpad moving wherever you click causing  you to fall into lava or run into enemies because of it. It's especially a  PITA with the final boss as the attack button has a tendency to  automatically aim you away from iy. Glad I got the game but I won't be  spending an hour to try to beat it the last boss of due to poor controls thanks for this good game Great game! One thing that holds me back from saying it's perfect is that  saves cannot be backed up. So if you were to have a new phone, bye bye  progress ... Don' waste your time and money on it control is suck Fun and addicting game. But too short and too easy. Need more monster  types, and longer story. I hope the Evoland 2 much complex. Amazing game! Loved playing it Loved the innovative way of going about a small RPG. Got a lot of the  humourous references as well. Brilliant! Its gradually become better time to time. I really love this  game. got bug,please fix, lt, sometime hard to control, tq Biggest problem for me I move up to the next second screen after opening  the first two chests the game froze and had type error touch to close.. Sad  🐼 A few crashes here and there but really good Brilliant 👍🏽 The games controls are very annoying and the gameplay is really boring A This is a cool idea. Thats it. The gameplay is horribly clunky. The hardest  part of the game is resisting the urge to not throwing the phone at the  ground after navigating the same obstacles for a 5th time. This is because  it doesnt give any checkpoints, not after bosses, not after agitating  obstacles(that only require focus because the controls blow). Also its a  real fun trip back to the title screen everytime death. It's all right, but there's no depth at any stage of the gameplay Really fun, i love the way the gameplay shifts with the graphics. Error 1009 crash can't get past 3rd chest at beginning of game, galaxy so  plus. I really enjoy the game and the overall theme of the game, but im  constantly getting screwed over by the thumbstick not working well. When  the game is designed to move like a classic game, maybe a d-pad is a better  option to move around. Definitely did not disappoint! This game is incredible!!!!! Loved it!! I loved the game and how it transitioned from being old style to almost  current. The only thing I didn't like was that it was shorter than I  expected but then again I was playing this constantly so I did also lose  track of time. Plus I love the second one. Except for a few issues with the  game crashing (2nd game) Well good as aspect Fun little game with all the common stereotypes of games and an interesting  reminder of growing up with the history of video games. Really interesting. From the beginning to my current play time. I cant wait  to finish this story line and go buy evoland 2. The best RPG I've had the pleasure of playing on Android. Genius design and  story. Thanks! I love the game except I'm stuck and keep getting an error 1009 and can't  play anymore:( I will upgrade this review to five stars as soon as the controls are fixed.  I keep falling into pits over and over again because there is no option to  keep the left analogue stick still Played this in 2 days!! I LOVED THIS GAME!! Only down fall was that I wish  it was longer haha the graphics and story line are on point! Everything I  wanted in a short adventure! Probably the best mobile game I've played (and I've played a lot). Buy it  already, it's only $1!! Great concept, amazing graphics, fun and simple  gameplay... love it! Not for me. The controls are barely usable. Its garbage Great game for the price. Graphics are fun and the retro feel excellent.  Only complaint is that the controls really let it down when you get further  along. D-pad on a phone screen is just not responsive enough to get past  obstacles. One of the most fun mobile games I've ever played Game crashed in isometric scene It really frustrates me that the controls are so horrible because the game  itself is fantastic. Better to play it on a different platform. Excellent game, but the port could use some work, primarily with the  control pad. As others mentioned, it's not that responsive, and won't stay  in one place, which makes some parts of the game very frustrating, because  the controls just screw you over. Otherwise I have no complaints. Played  and enjoyed the original on steam and this would be just as good with a  better control pad. A great game, and well worth the low price! Excellent jeu, captivant, intéressant, de nombreuses refs ! A pretty solid game that's best enjoyed with a controller. Perfect for my  Shield TV. Interesting Evolution concept and decent gameplay mechanics. My  only gripe is that the in town directional controls are a little finicky. I gotten until it becomes HD and after it becomes HD, the game crashes Idea is really cool, execution not as much Cute game. The basic premise makes me excited to see where it's going to  push its premise next. No ads, no IAP. Wow... whatta cool game.. it takes me back to Alex the Kid days lol.. I'm  old hahaha this game uses all the platforms, all the different music and  sound fx types. . Great game play. , awesome graphics, once you get.  further into it, It's very well designed and developed. It really deserves  10 stars... best game on mobile by far.. huge ups to the Devs for a well  thought out game.. I'm sure this was once a pc game way back when dinosaurs  still played soccer.... lol Thanks team... Got it on sale and was absolutely worth the buck i spent. My only dig was  that the game was very short and I feel like i didn't get enough time with  each version of the game and fun puzzles that force you to jump back and  forth from 3d to 16bit. That was awesome. Best game I have played on Android on a very long time, happy to pay extra  up front to avoid IAP plus a decent quality from and AWESOME dev Although the beginning is a bit challenging/annoying, the game quickly  picks up when you make it to the first village. Very good game, it felt so  closely to Final Fantasy that I named myself Cloud. .99 cents was nothing  for a good day or two grind on this game. I'm about to check out the other  games by this company/person. Good game that tells the story of game's evolution. Outstanding game with great humour, graphics and puzzles. Wonderful nod to  a selection of classic games. No refund? Won't see another penny from me. Keep getting "type" error and kicked off the game Brilliant! WORTH EVERY PENNY I just want to start by saying WOW! You all blew my mind with this. I  caught myself waiting for the next twist and loving every minute of it.  Definitely one of the best if not the best phone game I've ever played.  Hats off to you. Thanks for your ideas and follow through. Onto Evoland 2  now. :) Played on pc so I was glad to see it on android...until I played it. The  inability to make the directional button static and less transparent makes  some of the more trap heavy parts feel cheap and extremely frustrating.  Having to fight the controls detracts heavily from what would be an amazing  concept. Please fix this. Awesome game !! Le plot est cool, les timelines sont respectées. L'intrigue  est bien ficelée , les contrôles sont un peu degueu mais c'est parfaitement  jouable (tablette et smartphone). Les personnages sont profond, merci G.  Rien à redire, un super RPG dont je ne me lasse pas (92% de completion), et  j'ai plein de questions pour les devs !!! Je recommande vivement !! I don't understand why this game is popular. I honestly felt that if the  dev was next tome while I played this, I would end up hitting him. I have  never been so completely frustrated in a game before, there was so little  play testing done here. The lava pitfall mazes are not designed for touch  controls. What they should do is trigger a lot earlier since you can't fix  the issues with the lack of stiffness or feedback you would get in a  typical joystick. In fact, a majority of the enviremental hazard puzzles  are flawed heavily due to the lack of a physical control scheme. The Diablo  section has no means to switch characters after you switch, the combos are  far too random with their execution or are flawed due to the touch screen,  again, and the enemies swarm far too much with health that drops far too  rarely. The random enemy encounters are also far too high. Especially when  you are reduced to a single character and go back to find stars and cards.  The inability to fly over mountains is also a major hinderence to end game  enjoyment. I can't recommend this game to anyone. Which is a shame as i was  looking forward to the sequel. I enjoy not only the only nostalgia, but the whole premise of the game.  Being able to see first hand in one adventure the modernization and growth  of video games is amazing. However I am so extremely unhappy I wasted money  on it because of the amount of bugs. In more than one area I have gotten  hit by monsters, the screen spazzes like it's having a seizure, and my  character is moved to another part of the map! I could understand if it  happened once, but at this point it is hindering my ability to move  forward. Between those recurring issues and the lag I seem to be  experiencing I am not happy at all with what could be a wonderful game. This is the first game I loved enough to feel the need to rate it. Played this on steam and had to play it again on Android and support this  Dev. This game is a blast through the story and evolution. Awesome music.  Only complaint is a small one, the controls can be a bit touchy in the more  sensitive spots - besides this, a joy. Good stuff Just bought the game and it doesn't even work it just comes up with a red  bar saying error touch to close and then the app closes. Absolutely love this game. Great way to make you play on and hunt treasure  chests. Nostalgia all the way through while joking about how they stole  from other classic RPG games. My only criticism was that it would have been  nice to lock the left pad for better control of movement. Otherwise  Brilliant all round. Cheap price, entertaining. An obvious love for rpg history shines through The game gets better the more you play Amazing game 10/10 Awesome. So Awesome ! Love it !!!!!!! Gameplay was alright until it started crashing every time I got into  combat. I tried to reinstall to fix, and my save data didn't persist. It had one gimmick that evaporated as the game went on - only a few  soundtracks and incredibly short. The game is shallow. Would be a great game of the control were a bit better. Please just a an  option to prevent the left cross to move all over the place. Freeze after the battle the Dark Crystal. Shortly after switching to 3D  only white screen with the chars in it. This is a game for people like me who grew up with gaming - it has depth,  it's fun, and the way it develops from an old school retro game in to  something much more modern is nothing short of inspired. This game deserves a reward! I love the details and Easter eggs to all the  different games Love the progression through video game history. Hopefully the next  includes more character customization? I look forward to purchasing soon. Bad controls just ruin the game. Would of rated this 5 stars if the devolopers fix the lag issue a few  people have mentioned the lag and it makes certain parts in the game  unplayable and it's not my phone as I have a Samsung galaxy s7, rating will  be changed of the developers fix the issue Super fun and unique gameplay! I loved this app. It's both nostalgic &  progressive, with an interesting premise. 11/10 worth the purchase. Controls are frustrating, game crashes sometimes, no way to skip dialogue  (rewatching multiple times after crashes). Good ideas, poor implementation. Clunky controls ruin dungeon sections. So, there's a part where you have to  avoid falling in Lava but the controls mean you often wander off course in  to lava even though you didn't mean to. Ruins the whole section Very fun homage to classics. Fun little game well worth the $1 I paid When are you going to put evoland 2 on Google Play Store love the game  because you have not put evoland 2 on here yet even though it on other game  sites I beg you to put evoland 2 on here;please please please thank you.  Please put evoland 2 on here I'm begging you Amazing... Definitely digging the humor, nostalgia and the gameplay. The directional pad gets so frustrating sometimes when you have to move  quickly. It freezes, then needs to be tapped before it works again. I've  been reading other reviews for this one and part 2 where people are having  problems with the controls, which is discouraging because I just paid for  that one too. Please fix this lagging problem!!! It's not very compatible  for touch screens *edited* both of them now officially suck! Starts very strong, but repeating annoying sections due to distance between  save points is frustrating. Please help. I bought this game because something online caused me to  believe it had Android controller support. Am i mistaken? If so, will it  have controller support in the future? Games great till you reach the mine then it falls apart. Area where you  need to move precisely but that's not really doable with the crappy on  screen stick. Questionable hit boxes. Somewhat buggy respawns. Definitely  worth the money but its not perfect AMAZING GAME this is one off the games you wish that there were more also i  finished the game in about 7hours STOP!!! And read this review !! 》》 If your thinking why should I pay for a  game then don't! This is possibly the very best 89p/1.04€ that you could  possibly spend in a lifetime. The concept behind it I mean hats off to the  developers ! Never played a game like it that brings nostalgia & curiosity  aswell as sheer gaming philosophy into a simple yet elegant game !! If it  cost 5€ would still be worth it!! Mesmerising truely!! Please make a follow  up to this I'm waiting in anticipation!! ☆☆☆☆☆ That was an awesome game! It totally gave me that Pokemon/Zelda vibe. I  played it so much that I beat the game in a day! Well worth the money. Too  bad Evoland 2 is pricey though. Good fun, playrody on a few different game types. Diablo was my favorite,  kinda wish I could go through as both Kaeris and Clink, only allowed to  choose one. The mini game double twin was fun for 15 mins. Totally worth  the 1.49 There are some bad reviews on here that almost stopped me from trying- glad  it didn't. Great game, lots of fun. Well worth $1 When I opened the app, it brought up a plain white screen. I waited for  several minutes to no avail, for the screen was still blank white. The app  didn't even let me play the game.... not sure if this is a bug or just my  phone, but it definitely doesn't work for me. Zelda and Final Fantasy fans rejoice best game on Google Play. Possible  note for a third one a minecraft feel would bring in a whole new demographic Kinda short but very fun. Especially for the history lesson When is part 2 coming out. I'd happily pay for it. Pretty good game for 99 cents. I like it how it changes as u play. Kinda wonky. Hard to control, movement is slow. Cool concept tho. Omg the ending is so sad 😢 😢 WHY DOES SHE HAVE TO DIE???? Incredible game, was skeptical at first, but now definitely worth the  dollar! Interesting concept which made for a great trip down ol memory lane. Quite  short but definitely worth it for the price ($1) and I hear the sequel is  longer which I'll try next! Incredible game! As an old gamer I love it. Fantastic game. Brought back a lot of rpg nostalgia. Plays very well on my  Galaxy s8. Great game! One of the most creative games on Android. Thank you for this. I really enjoyed this game (and would have given it 5 stars) right up until  the final boss. It was way too hard to defeat... Had me cracking up the whole time. Well done. I whould give higher i love the game and was going to get the next one but  it doesn't work for my phone ever since my phones last update can someone  please fix i really do like this game A solid game with a high nostalgia factor. Made me laugh and made for some  neat conversations with my daughter about how video games have changed. The  controls are finicky and the game is short but it was well worth the $2 I  paid while it was on sale. This game is a really great concept with horrible execution. The controls  are wonky, and sometimes too punishing. It teaches you to use save points  but then the rest of the game they're gone. I spent so much time repeating  mundane tasks like not falling in lava, or even boss fights because the  game lacks save points. Finally when I beat the second boss the game  crashed and when I loaded I was out of bounds unable to get back in. The  game really just rips off a bunch of popular games for content. After the  beginning area the game lacks meaningful progression. Levelling up means  nothing unless you're in the area that uses it, items mean nothing, getting  all 3 weapons means almost nothing. You're not rewarded for exploring. For  a game that explored the evolution of top-down RPGs, it failed on nearly  every aspect. It wasn't even worth the $1 This game is pretty awesome. Love the "Evo" in the game and gameplay!  Highly recommended for any old, or new, gamer who has played anything RPG. was ok. my att span is weak and i got lost easy. Very interesting idea of having the evolved graphics and gaming machnisms  that emulate the gaming history. I played it on gpd q9 with controller. I  like it . Game crashed on Android TV in isometric view game 😭 It was an okay game until I loaded my save one day to find myself magically  stuck inside an all-black area at the edge of the mini map. I emailed the  developers and got no response. I really don't feel like replaying the  whole game up until that point, so I guess I'm done with this game. Great game for rpg lovers. Re-living the old school type of rpg. 👍👍👍 Great game. I find the humour enjoyable and the steady evolution of  gameplay throughout start to finish is just artistic. This game is entirely dependent on it's gimmick of going through RPG  history. It's cool for the first half hour and then you realize that the  progression is over. The biggest problem with the game is that nothing  matters. Gold and experience are useless in a 2.5 hour game and you have no  choices to make besides your name. It seems like the developers had a good  concept and rushed to put something out before anyone else could. Everything about JRG you find annoying and tedious such as wasting your  time is here and accounted for! Also the evolution system doesn't make  sense. When the game tells you unlocked turned-based battle system, it is  lies. It is the more advanced and complex ATB system (active time battle  system) from Finl Fantasy 4 that unlocked. Also experience point was  invented before the ATB system, mode 7 and all that beautiful 256 colors.  This is all SNES stuff while Dragon Quest on NES had experience points long  before. All that make this game look amateurish and just as badly design as  so many uninspired RPG maker game out there. Please fix the controller. Very unfair to have less save point but have so  many enemy to defeat. Controls are HORRID on the navigation pad. Can't even get past first boss,  since I can't move quickly enough. Wish I hadn't paid for this one. I really wanted to like this game. I played it all the way through in about  three hours and discovered 89.4% of it. It has cute graphics and the  concept is really cool which is why I purchased it in the first place.  What's not so cool about it is the many frustrating inconsistencies  throughout its short play time. For being as short as it is, it's slow. The  character literally walks through the game and finally runs when it's all  but over. The sword dynamics pale in comparison to the girl characters  staff actions even through they should be 100% the same because they play  that way, sometimes. There's a lot of elements that are so half implemented  they shouldn't be included. Such as finding gold and health as the girl  character but never seeing that collection style again as the male, for no  reason. Or giving the player the decision of which character to use only  one time in the game. The in game map appears sometimes but not others.  There's so many seemingly simple issues that should have been resolved in  this game that I can't give it a recommendation. It's easy but between the  sloppy controls, half baked elements and slow meandering pace I wish I  never purchased it but still saw it through to the end. Very intriguing  concept, half baked delivery. Great game. The controls are very choppy. Not smooth. And would be better  if your character moved faster. And if you game over, you don't get sent  back to the title screen. This game had everything I love in a video game Very poor controls, game built for a joystick or directional pad, not a  screen. Very frustrating trying to navigate puzzle areas with no save  points, slippery controls, and the directional control deciding not to work  if you pull it too far up the screen. Was amazing as you went from old school to new, the game play was short  took me 6 hrs to beat, but I definitely enjoyed it. 😀 I like it. So very good 😍 This game is a railroad play style with awful controls, no depth, and  peacemeales everything. Not fun. Doesn't work on pixel Poor customer support Way to short IMO. You can literally beat this game in 2 hrs if you don't go  for all the achievements. The lvl system is pointless as the game is way  too easy. It is possible to beat the game at lvl 1. It's a good concept but  not very well executed. Incredibly cool concept of a game. You go through the evolution of rpg, not  very hard but challenging. Only issue is the controls which are a bit  unresponsive. I absolutely loved this game. A little short but fun AF! I beat it in less  than a day. Great game and all that but on the main menu the ”new game" and "continue"  button are really close together. I love this game, very nostalgic, get some Zelda, Final fantasy, to Diablo,  even has glitches like getting stuck in a wall. I found it hilarious. Boss  fights are cool, wish like all aspects of the game woukd stack but then  some aspects you'd be Over powered. Cant wait to play it again. Best game I ever played!!!!! Good game only complain is that i hate old graphics. I bought evoland 2 and  it has some too Dude please do something about airship bug so many players problem with  that. I love the game starting from 2d and going to 3d view. It also makes me  inclined to buy evoland 2. Great job!! Game is buggy as anything. Took 3 installs to work and crashed whenever  another app did anything. Some of the hidden stuff is almost unfindable and  the game actually gets worse graphically with time. It starts out with a  retro Legend of Zelda-ish display but withing about 10 mins you'll unlock  all the visual upgrades and have your end game display which is dire. The  fixed camera in the final town is a nightmare. The switching between  past/future makes no sense and is dull. The game would make more sense if  you switched between two different perspectives. The combat is really,  really easy and rather than have a mish mash of different styles you have  overland and dungeon styles which are dull and unchanging. The final boss  then makes absolutely no use of either of these combat types in the final  fight so don't bother levelling at all. The 'card' mechanic is a waste of  time as well seeing as there is only one guy to play cards with and the  only stake is a possible achievement for beating him. And, unless you go  through the achievements beforehand you'll never get them. One is to end a  boss fight on full health but you only ever get to fight that boss once,  the first time. Imagine my surprise when at the end I went to mop up  achievements and that was undoable without a whole new game. Doesn't have  ads though which is nice but I still wouldn't recommend. It paints itself  as a journey through the development of games and it is, for ten minutes,  after that it is dull, dull and dull. Advert for evoland 2 pops up and takes over, can't click anything, can't  remove the advert, just have to close and open the game. Pretty annoying  way to advertise your own game. Great idea but not well executed IMO. Takes everything about old school  games, both good and bad, but leaves too much of the bad. Controls are  awful. I think they used the concept to help shore up an otherwise mediocre  title without adding anything original to the formula. When you break grass or monsters and theres a lot of particles on screen  the game lags. Edit: Can`t play the diablo part because everytime I kill a  enemy it lags too much. (Suprise is the particles). (Can`t be my phone  which is a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge ). I've been playing for an hour and so far so good. Game looks excellent and  well coded. Edit: please fix the Rat Inn keeper dialogue, he always says  "It's your loss" no matter if you agreed to sleep there or not. You know what sounds fun? Fighting an extremely hard and unfair boss while  also having three hearts. You know what sounds better? Having to start the  whole fight over again after dying. You know what's so much fun? Having to  fight the boss three times, due to the fact that there's three phases. You  know what's even better? Having to watch the cutscene EVERY SINGLE TIME YOU  DIE. I just love having to start an entire boss all over again from the  start. Whatever you do, never, EVER buy this "game". Most of it is  extremely unfair, throwing hundreds of enemies at you at once expecting you  to kill them all while they're damaging you. It is damn near impossible to  finish some parts, with unfair hitboxes and terrible level design. Please  never play this or buy it, you'll be wasting time and money. Still playing however I wish that the movement controls were more  responsive. It is very hard to move particular directions. I stand in one  place ofen trying to get the character to move. The game doesn't even start. Waste of money. Well I Have A Freeze Problem In The Coloseum Awful controls ruin what is a great looking game. Brutally hard as well...  Could be a lot more fun. Horrible and unresponsive controls ruin the game. Stupid puzzles and traps  with no margin for error are more difficult than they should be. Free roam  combat is terrible and clunky all from poorly designed and optimized  controls. I'd get a refund if I could. the left control really sucks！！！ I love how the game transitions/switches between zelda, FF, and Diablo  style gameplay. Excited to go finish this game and play evoland 2 next. With many old skool gaming references. Rated 4 because was on offer. Game  is way too short for an RPG thoigh An outstanding game over all, reliving some of the RPGs of old was charming  and nostalgic. My only concern is that the "Double Down" feature of the  game is difficult to navigate, clunky and feels like an afterthought.  Trying to select the correct cards is frustrating and in the midst of  playing your turn the game changes the selected card and places something  totally different. This would all be acceptable if the Double Down feature  was purely for fun but it is seemingly integral to the story. However even  after all the clunkiness and frustration with this component Evoland  remains a clear winner as one of my favourite mobile games of all time Gets really boring fairly quickly. I don't understand all the four and five  stars...i wish i wouldnt have bought it. Addictive, awesome idea, nostalgic. Price don't matter, must have! Much shorter than I hope and the last boss isn't as exciting as I think it  should be. There are times where I like the battle, and times I don't. It's  an okay game, the storyline is simple, short n linier with almost no  character development. Not bad but maybe I just expecting too much. Fun to Play When I collect the chest after the one where you get the health bar (so  you're not restricted to quarter hearts) the game just pauses and does  nothing but repeat the sound it was playing over and over. But other than  that it's a good game. Game idea is great BUT, the controls are horrid on a smartphone. Might be  better with an outside controller. I was not expecting this game's incredible quality. I'm not much of a  mobile gamer but this is very compelling. And it supports an Xbox One  controller, which makes for exceptionally comfortable controls. Definitely  picking up Evoland 2 sometime after this. I absolutely love it! the way you progress through the way rpgs have grown  is brilliantly done,but i paid for this game... and it was rather short so  that is a downside if you were to add more to the story or add side quests  of some kind more locations then it would be 5 stars and perhaps the  perfect game Good graphics, Awesome mechanics. But i just dont like the story its too  short. At least i bought this game at 80% off, and still i think its not worth the  money. This game more like a beta test Smart and fun, great game on mobile! Loved it until I reached the ruins. Game is barely at 1 or 2 FPS soon as  the lighting effects kicked it. Literally unplayable. Would have loved to  play the game more but it's forcing me to quit. Waste of money for part if  a game Great game, loved all the throwbacks to old school games. Much nostalgia  ensued. I can't wait for the second one but hope they make some  improvements such as each weapon having its own button or a quicker way to  cycle through them, showing how many stars you have once you get a new one.  Just small things like that. Wish it was linger but I felt I got my 99  cents worth as it was on sale 😊 2nd one is better but this was fun this game is telling u history of RPG game from first realase until now Enjoyed it very much, especially how it evolves throughout the gameplay. I  liked out the maze turned out. Rating 5 stars. Wishlist: longer story Luego de la solución de la pantalla blanca pude finalizar el juego,  simplemente una obra de arte :) Ka Me.... no no no no Ha Me... NONONONONONONONONO!!!!! Great game. Not too easy either. No iap's and no Ads. Looking forward to  number 2. Maybe improve the stick controls if you can, lava puzzles are a  bit frustrating :D It was really....really short but fun Fix the controls. Great little game but it's over quite sticky. Had a few issues with the  controls sometimes, it would randomly switch to a fixed position which  caused some issues. This is worth every cent! 9,000 out of 10 stars. Best game ever! Keep up  the awesome work! Worth of money ... Enjoyed a lot, good graphic, animation and story, best  mobile game I've ever played before day r 😘 I loved this on Steam and could not ignore it when I saw it on here,  especially since I happened to catch it on sale. It is cute, funny and if  you into game development or history it gives you a bit of insite on how  RPGs have evolved. Hilarious and fantastic No in app purchases. 5 stars. Fantastic game so far! I'm only part way through but I will update my  review once I'm finished. So far, no complaints, and amazing for a mobile  game!! Well done guys, I'm loving the art and music. And it's so nostalgic!  Thanks for taking me on this journey of gaming all over again. :) Great game love the idea, but ...... In my opinion it's just too short. I'm  glad I only paid one euro for it. That being said, still worth a play. The best game I have ever played. Most original game ever. So fun to play and watch the evolution of  adventure/rpg style video games as you play. Also keeps the game new so you  don't get bored. Been playing hours since downloading it. Would LOVE to see  a full fledged console version! So dang charming, so cute. I didn't come here for something deep and  thought provoking. I came to experience a span of game cliches through the  ages... And it passed everything with flying colors. A must buy for games  fans, old school RPG fans especially. There's nothing bad about this game,  it's great fun and almost cozy. I usually don't like smartphone games, but this one is really enjoyable, I  haven't finished yet but I love it. Error #1009 can't even open the game It needs the joystick to be in one place and not jump around to the hottest  part if the screen it makes playing the 3d parts unplayable because you  can't control your own movements highly addictive. starts out slow but gets good Genius idea that is really well executed. Well done devs I didn't enjoy the game and i would like a refund Game would not open... When press New game it does not go past the loading  screen. One plus 5 Game is cool but final boss requires a lot for a smartphone touchscreen.  Maybe using an external controller would be a better experience but I'm  feeling like buying a controller just to finish this game. Not hiding the  screen controllers would be already a nice thing to do. This game is one of the game genres I've been waiting for. It brings us in  a unique and somehow hilarous adventure, mixing both traditional and modern  RPG mechanics into one. The story plot is fairly good, even actually it's  rather mainstream XD. Sadly the price is too high for me, seeing the story  is also rather short. Besides all of that, the game is overall good, keep  it up devs! One of the best rpg for android, old school gamers will love this for sure Clearly there's an issue here Playdigious. Not even a response from you?  Update: after the small issue that was encountered, I say small as the  developer got back to me fairly rapidly noting the issue. The game is  phenomenal, easy to use controls, intuitive and a very unique idea, not  completed it yet but the more I'm playing, the more hooked I'm getting!  This is definitely a title worth grabbing! Don't miss out! I recently purchased this game and I am unable to play it due to constant  crashing. I receive the error code:4003. Please fix this bug. I'm not sure how this game received an Editors' Choice award. I paid money  to play it, but I beat the entire game in 2 hours!!! I think this is  unacceptable to be selling such a short game. I'm giving it a few stars  because the concept was interesting and unique, but ultimately the game was  very dissatisfying. I'll be requesting a refund from the game developers. Worst gamepad lag I have ever seen with an Android game. A Samsung S7  should not be lagging this bad when wanting to use gamepad input. Does not  lag with on screen controls. Only game that laggings using gamepad Funciona de maravilla, muchas gracias por arreglar el problema así de  rápido. Pd. El juego está genial! Great throwback homage to the original adventure games. Too short, tho!  Worth 99 cents. Wouldnt have liked paying $5 for it. Refund? Was fighting Zephyros(sp?), kept dying, got the "We will fight you until we  die", which didn't make sense, because it happened right *after* I died,  got that cutscene a few times, then it went to a black screen with white  text, the text box itself was red. The text read, "TypeError: Error #1009  TOUCH TO CLOSE" So I touched and it closed. And here I goes. Thank you for  your time. *EDIT*After further research, it was due to an unreferenced  object because I didn't realize to use the "Bahamut" special. I bought this with very low expectations, but I've been blown away totally!  It's Zelda meets Final fantasy, with steady progression. One of the best  mobile RPGs I've played in years! Currently addicted! Great game! When I first started, I thought it was going to be lame, but  five minutes in it had me hooked and it kept getting better! I wish it were  longer though. I'm bummed that I finished it. You should make a PS4 version  of this so it can be a long game. Fun game so far, love the idea behind it. Wish there were more save  points... Fun! Fun! Fun! Hated the game. Cant get past one misson, tried everything This game show me the evolution of games and I really enjoy it This a game is pretty awesome. You start off like an old game boy game with  no colors then your ending up will 3D graphics. *UPDATED* Dev replied to review due to game white screening. They did an  emergency update within hours to fix the issue. Excellent Devs with a great  game that takes you on an adventure through the decades. White screen on  Pixel 2 XL [edit] the fix was hella fast, that alone already a 3 stars, and +2 for  this peculiar and wonderful game 😉 | Nothing but white screen on my  zenfone.. Reinstalled and still nothing. Pls fix and I'll give a proper  review. No cloud save! I uninstalled due to the white screen bug, now that its  working i have to start again! Ugh! All I get is black screen with two red bars up top. Some error text and a  "press to close" text. Pressing results in the game closing. Doesn't open. Blank white screen. Did not work for me just blank screen just did a update works ok White screen Fun as it gets. Excited for the next one As many others have said, the game does not load since the latest update.  Please fix! Edit: quick fix. 5 stars again. Great game. Does not work white screen. White screen The game does not start on my pixel. Even after a reboot the game opens to  a white screen and does nothing more. There was a blank screen so I couldn't actually play the game Unbelievably good! Can't wait for the sequel! White screen The controls are not particularly good, especially in parts that require  some dexterity, such as navigating platforms between lava pits with  fireballs shooting at you. Love it so far, very unique in its execution and fun to play 👌 I liked 90% of what I played. I can't wait to play the second one. Got it cheap, great on PC can't wait to play on my phone. Awesome +Fun game, interesting progression mechanics and rewarding fights.  -Controls can be inaccurate at times, and at cretins levels, the number of  mobs that's spawn are too hectic and can cause good phones to lag out. Was a fun game that kept me entertained for 6 or 7 hours on a flight. The  game itself is easy but the controlls can be a little difficult at times  for some of the puzzles. Got the game on sale for $1 definitely worth it.  Probably would not have paid much more for it but I will be looking forward  to playing part 2 controls are frustrating this was far too laggy to play. can I have a refund please? Was pretty good up until lava traps. Controls are way too bad to be a  platformer The game concept and mechanics are amazing and unique. The only problem I  have with the game is that some parts are extremely difficult, mainly due  to the on screen controls. There are certain parts where you have to walk  pretty precisely and you end up walking in a direction you didn't want to.  Overall though, an extremely enjoyable and relaxing game and definitely  worth the money (especially if you got it on sale like I did) Good luck dodging fireblasts on narrow labyrinthine walkway with randomly  laggy onscreen joystick. is the second one worl on chromebooks? Performance sucks on my S7 no option to increase performance by turning  down lighting etc. Pixel 2 xl - I can't move my character. Paid for this app too :( Wow what a great game! Android/play store needs more games like this. No  ads No in app purchases. Just a good game with good polish. I highly  recommend!!! Me encanta me llena mucho de nostalgia y los buenos momentos en la era de  los videojuegos es una supermercado pasada Brilliantly executed origin so concept, probably the first mobile game I  have actually sat down, played and enjoyed. Would thoroughly recommend,  even at full price This game has lots of character! And I can't wait for the second game. Also  I think the card game double down should be it's own separate game you can  download, because I would play that alot! One of the best RPG games I've played so far. Hope you guys will make Evo 2  even better than this masterpiece. Love the game got me to love classic zalda can't wait to get the second one Was pleasantly surprised by how good it is. Really liked the gameplay, references to old rpg's and 8 bit evolution The  game was a little buggy at times, but wasn't really a problem. Definitely  recommend Good game for one evening. It's worth buying, when on sale. One of the best and most unique mobile games I've played! :D Well, when I die there should be an option to restart from the last save.. Great concept of starting from the monochrome Gameboy proceeding to 3d  quality It keeps crashing the game with 2 second freeze follow by self shut down.  It's a bug? This game is awesome! I wish it's a little longer and has a bigger world  though. It's way too short, I want more! Simply loved it Worth every penny. So creative and fun. Little advice.. Use a bluetooth  gamepad if u can. I hope they make a 2nd game in the series Pros: Amazing game and ideas. Cons: Terrible controls. Brlliant concept executed very well! From the monochrome Gameboy beginning  to the rendered backgrounds of PSX rpgs, loads of funny and clever nods to  games gone by. Only regret... wish i'd played it sooner Controls are atrocious, and the checkpoints are placed too far away from  each other. Why the hell would you put EVO Land 2 ad right on the Home screen. This  makes for a frustrating user experience. Awful design to have it over lay  the menu so you have to click on it and pops you out of the app. Really  great design when I'm trying to play the game /s Bought the game.. totally worth it Any chance for gamepad support? Bug. My character can not move Neat idea. Sloppy implementation. They used the premise to cover up lazy  design. Atrocious touch controls. Pretty graphics, even at the start.  Decent music. One of the most creative ideas for a game ever and easy enough that anyone  could play it. Very creative and so much fun, but the controls are slow and the game seems  incomplete. For example, potions can only be used in 3D battle. You can't  even click on them in your inventory. What if I need to heal when I'm  outside of battle, or not in 3D? This game was a really fun adventure through the progress of games. I  really wish evoland 2 was on Android. Great game, cool concept. It was way too short though. Really cool how it shows the history of gaming as a whole. It was neat to  go down memory lane. Unique game. A must for any gamer There needs to be a second game of this, it was honestly amazing to play Fantastic game but way too short we need more 就喜欢这种感觉了 Super fun! Loved it. What a great idea. My only criticism was that it ended  too soon! Controls won't show up :( Great game I loved this game. On screen controls were not the best but with gamepad  support it was perfect. Unique and fun, if a bit tedious towards the end. A  bit short and some would argue not worth $5 but I feel I got my money's  worth. Too bad the sequel won't come to Android. This brings back memories of many games that should be ported to Android.  It's gameplay is mostly smooth albeit a few glitches here and there. I like the concept but found the gameplay too simplistic. Basically you wander around and hit things with your sword without much challenge or variety. I did like the card game. A breath of fresh air for mobile gaming. I really liked this as a mobile RPG and a great idea of going through history. (Old enough to remember the originals so that really appealed to me). Also good length/difficulty for a mobile game, on my phone prefer the file to be relatively small and not a hundred hours worth of gaming. TLDR: FUN GAME BUT WAS TOO SHORT FOR THE PRICE. I loved the game overall Creativity 5. Gameplay gets a 4. Storyline gets 3. While the storyline was captivating and I loved all the references to the games I grew up on and love you can ultimately beat the storyline in an hour or two if you sit and play it all the way through. Genius concept, exactly what I was looking for, Bravo... I want to say 5/5 but the game was way to short. It was a brilliant concept. However, I purchased this for 5 dollars and probably barely got a .99 cent value. The game provides a similar concept to the Legend of Zelda. The game plays out in class rpg style but it is lacking in a real story line. You encounter a few bosses but the ultimate ending is a bit disappointing for $4.99. I did like the concept where the game switches between classic and modern gaming views. The game is a lot of fun from the start to the end and incorporates a lot of nostalgia from many major old school JRPG's. However, the game is very short with little replay value. It was most definitely not worth the 5$ I paid. That is way too much for a game you can beat in two days or even one if you play the whole day. If you catch it on sale for 1$ though well worth it! 4 stars for overpricing! This is an iratating game trying to be like games of old, but fails and ends up to be worse than the games it mimics. Amazing game. Awesome concept with the grapics and gameplay. Unfortunately it is extremely short and the ending is very anticlimactic. The idea is interesting, and well presented, but the game plays out to be as much fun as drawing a straight line on paper.  No real sense of progression or purpose is experienced. At no point do you need to make a decision or weigh up the odds in a situation to make progress.   All you literally need to do is follow the seemingly pointless story until it's done.  Not really an rpg. More a find the key puzzle game. It's ok. The history of video games was fun at first but I assumed that was only for the beginning / tutorial. At some point I wish they'd had their own style. Great game but it's way to short Frustrating, and once the novelty wears off, not actually very fun. One of the greatest game I have ever played. I also recommend to ur guys a similar game. It is called Witch Spring. Check it out now! awesome game Great  game well worth the money I love this concept. The game is short, though. Very short. I would really enjoy seeing this idea expanded on in a full console game. Good game EXTREMELY short!!! Bought this on discount and I could finally play my favourite RPG game Guys I love this game but I beat it in a day if you guy could make it way longer or make lots more plz do The game is rather fun, however I do wish that there would be a mobile port of the sequel. Random combat is completely unnecessary too much. I hope it was worth the price of it. I have a Galaxy s7 edge and couldn't play it with my XB One blue tooth enabled controller (official Microsoft controller), it has such horrible lag and is unpayable. I tried playing with the on-screen buttons but i hate virtual buttons. I loved this game on PC (even gave it a good review on YouTube), but the lag here is horrible I have a Xiaomi Mi Mix 2  And I am unable to get past the opening screen of the game where I obtain the Right move key as the controls for on screen control do not work Crashes when I unlock a chest I love this game and worth the investment for supporting game development Fun, but a bit short and the controls could get a little frustrating Its A Cute Game. Great game that captures the evolution of the RPG genre, with some nods to other games and even giving me a laugh now and then. My only complaint was that it's too short. Maybe a sequel or something will come out some day. Wish there was more Cant wait for Evoland 2 on here! Love the concept It's a great game but I wish they would port evoland 2 to the phone that would be awesome Amazing job guy's I love this game Great game I bought this on my old phone and it's still available thanks! It's a boy Port Evoland 2 to mobile This game is really great. You can tell the team behind it had a true affection for the genre tropes that it spent its time skewering! The progression was one of the more rewarding experiences I've had in videogames ever.  A few minor issues made it less fun than it could have been, but I think part of that is the mobile experience. Especially having to use twitch controls against the final boss on a phone... not exactly fun. But overall a great experience. If you grew up playing FF7, Zelda (OoT/LTTP), and or similar games of that timeframe, you will enjoy this. I'd absolutely love to give this game five stars. The concept is great, story is fun, and controller support is a huge added plus. Unfortunately, the game lags and becomes unresponsive every five seconds or so, causing a force close window to pop up. If I click to ignore the popup, the screen goes white for a second, then after another second I can play again - for another five seconds or so. I tried restarting my tablet, but it's still an issue. This really shouldn't be happening on a Shield tablet. Please fix - I'd really like to enjoy this game! Good concept. Bad execution. I love this game. Plus my purchase has stayed active for all my devices. The one thing that needs to evolve is the controls there not bad but a touch screen joy stick doesn't make for precise controls and makes parts of the game much harder I was really enjoying and was playing it till the final boss. Today I restarted the game but I couldn't continue anymore from my last saved game. Still I see all my achievements gained till now. Too bad The ONLY issue, no game save syncing accross devices. This one made it where I could only play at home, specific  room, and certain time  of day. Kinda ruined alot of the fun. Otherwise was one of my favorite games in a long time. Its a great game over all.. The evolution starts to slow down but thats ok.. The graphics jokes and other things pull me in.. Would like to see this game on a console!! Okeey... it's getting really boring and unsatisfying after getting 3D graphics. Fun game overall. Love the puns and inside jokes from the RPG side. Controls are bad and make some areas much more difficult. I loved this game, the only reason I'm rating 4 stars as opposed to 5 is because this game was short for 5 bucks. I beat it in like 6 hours. Any case, great work! Awesome title. Very unique. Can we please get the sequel? While it's an adventure that takes inspiration from zelda, Diablo and many others. I believe the replay ability is sadly low. This is a one and done game. Love it! Awesome game. Goes from "Zelda" to "final fantasy" to "diablo". Great idea for a game I played this on pc and fully enjoyed but on mobile i couldn't go down the town well making it impossible to continue the game and  im hoping for a refund Because i didnt play it as soon as i got it Closest thing to having zelda on your phone! Good game. Horrible controls. It will hinder your game play. Could be just me but despite the terrible controls the references, concept and content kept pulling me in. Wouldnt pay full price but def worth getting. Made me lov rpg's again, well executed, short story, long evolution. 91.² % completed. Too short anyway First, I bought the game here full price, read the first few helpful reviews. I played it on the screen itself... After getting past a while, save points are ok, got to the lava puzzle, the big one... And after dying so many times, because of the screen controls, I mustered enough curiosity ( because all my other app games don't seem to have this) And when I saw this had controller support, I was like, " ok, but I'd be impressed if it could use my BT generic controller." IT DOES! Android 4.4.4, happy to have bought and playing. P.s. always love a game that has achievements with it. So great! Fantastic game design and so much fun moving through videogame history. The second one is even better.  Wish it was on mobile. More demo-length than anything. I got this on sale for 99 cents and it was worth that, but I wouldn't have wanted to pay full price for such a short game with little content. The concept is very fun, especially a stage where you shift between graphical styles. This would make a great full-length game. The game hangs and looses a lot of frames  when trying to play it with a gamesir g4s controller and is pretty much unplayable. It's a shame because the game seems genuinely fun and I would have liked to play it with my controller. S7 Edge So addictive 😍 Too bad I can't have my rating evolve over time like the game. Great work! It's awesome seeing the changes in graphics and playing styles! Love this game! Cute premise, pretty fun game. I couldn't muster the patience to defeat the final boss, but I felt like I'd already experienced most of the fun of the thing. Nice job, devs! ERROR ID 3702 Прикольная игра с ужасным управлением Derp Fun game but the controls are not good enough for the lava level. Keep dying and with poor check pointing, I'll probably give up trying to get further Funny take on all the RPGs that defined the genre. Kaeris, Clink, poor translations in random places. Good stuff. Brilliant! We need evoland 2 It starts out as a very fun and quite hilarious comedy game about adventure game evolution, but eventually the evolving slows down and stops and the game kinda becomes a low-end budget adventure game of its own. Still I'm happy to have played it and I hope they make a proper, more fulfledged game with this concept. I just wish if it was longer I loved the game, until the battle in the Mana Tree, where the on-screen controls suddenly disappeared :( Can't start the game with my ps4 controller connected to my phone. It very slowly fades into the first advertisement. Galaxy S7 Was fun and reminded me of gaming as a kid would be awesome to expand on this! This was a brilliant idea for a game. I love it. Works great using shield tablet and controller. Its Zelda and Final Fantasy mixed together. Make sure the sequel releases same day as PC. Controls are terrible. Notifications pop up and the controller looses focus to the notification; upon dismissing the notification and trying to resume the controller never regains focus and the game has to be killed. Also, some parts of the game require movement that is requires precision that is difficult on a phone. This is a really great game! Although I'm giving it 4 stars because the on screen controls sometimes make it hard to maneuver in troublesome areas. Compatibility with a bluetooth controller would make this game a lot better for those who have trouble with on screen analog controls. Fun little game, but too short for the price.  Should be under $3 for the few hours of gameplay. Good but lack of cloud save makes it hard to play long-term :/ Unplayable with Moga controller. Every time I start the game with the controller connected it runs insanely slow. Good game overall Fun game, great nostalgia for old schoolers like me.  One question though - does this have any controller support? The on screen controllers are kinda hard to use, imho.  If so, and I just haven't figured it out - then i'd give it 5 stars.  EDIT: It does have controller support - 5 stars! I like the concept of this RPG. I wish the game would have been longer. Hopefully there will be a longer Evoland 2, it's all my favorite old school rpg's into one. 1 of the best games. I have 1,2 in steam Beautiful, witty and great fun. If you're a fan of the likes of Zelda, Final Fantasy, Diablo and JRPGs in general, you'll love it Nice game but really needs cloud save. It's absolutely fantastic, but as other reviewers comment, it's quite expensive for the relatively short game play, but worth it. Think about what else you could spend the money on and this will probably give you more enjoyment Zelda, FF, and classic RPG combined. I haven't got far yet, as I'm now focusing alot on online gaming. but, with just a moment dive in it, i can honestly say it have the 5stars potential for a rating.. This game is brilliant I feel like i spent at least two dollars too much on this game. Sure this game is fun but it only took me 3.5 hours to beat the entire game. I like the concept but the plot is thin, the gameplay is short, and it cuts out a lot of the actual evolution of games. Absolutely awesome! I actually found myself smiling as I was playing and unlocking things! So worth the $5! The progression from old to new school rpg is so cool! Well done! Fantastic Brought back so many memories, easy controls. The best $5 I've spent in a long time! If you loved any classic RPG from Zelda on the Gameboy to Final Fantasy VII, you'll love this. Even better on Android TV! Cute and nicely nostalgic but not a lot. of depth to the game Needs cloud saves. Please! Really wish there were more games like this. I'm sorry for the other people but I've had no problem with the game but yeah... Anyway great game challenging to after a certain point. This game is amaze balls Started off good: lighthearted parody of retro gaming, through the early 90s. Then it got super obnoxious with its parody, focusing mostly on the things that people _don't_ want to remember, like the dreaded CD reads, instead of nostalgia. And now, I can't even close the app (been stuck as non-responsive on a Nexus 6P) _or_ send feedback on crashing. The overwhelming spawns of mobs during this one part of the game is ridiculous - you crashed my phone, and now I can't complete the game. Very bad quality control at the end. The left hand controls were so terrible and unresponsive, I died about 5 times in the first 10 minutes.  Would love a refund. Love the game! I do have one complaint. Wish it was much longer to enjoy it more. Thought I was in the same boat as another reviewer that stated they never got past the 'shiro' screen but I finally got to start a new game... After several minutes.    Unless part of the 'evolution' is to make it so excruciatingly laggy and unplayable, something is very wrong. I took me 15 minutes (really) to walk the few steps to the right to get that first key. It's just too much :(. I'm trying on an s7 edge by the way This game is really good. I need a way to transfer save files though. Google Play Games? Very original idea, great execution! Full of nostalgic moments. I really enjoy this game ! If you are fan of RPG this game is made for you This game lags hardcore not able to play Fantastic game. Stunning concept. But holy man the glitches are out of this world, from a repeating dialog box to the entire game glitching out and going white every time I receive a notification, every, time.  Fix that crap yo, shouldn't be paying for a game with this amount of bugs. I'm on an S6 Great game, where is the location of the file save? Having issues backing up my game. Galaxy s7 active, won't get past loading screen. Loved all the references of my childhood games.... Specially Zelda.. Almost all the gingles reminded me of it... Hahaha... Keep rocking! The app hangs on the "Shiro Games" screen. I need a refund on this. I have a Galaxy S7 Active. This is what new console RPGs should strive to be. While the game itself is good, it is unbelievably short. Don't expect much. The various 'stages' are way way way to brief to make them any fun. This is more a demo than a full paid game. I fought what I thought was the first boss, expecting to be about 1/10th the way through the game, and it was the end. Game over. I suggest you save your money. I am hugely disappointed. Just so awesome Keeps crashing on my galaxy s5 Games was too good that i played for 10 hrs straight without stopping. First android game i've done that Good game sorry for first comment Waaaay to short I would have given 5 if only this gem had gamepad control..any chance in future....? I wasn't expecting much from this game but several hours in I find it charming and very appropriate for someone who actually lived through the history it pokes fun at. It didn't do the game and watch level but no one wants that.   Plenty of secrets and things to find, and a silly little card game to collect for.  All in all as good as my last RPG purchase which was adventure of mana for much much more money. I recommend this game.  Minis a star for no android version of the sequel. Very fun. Wish there were more save points. Not because it's too hard, but because sometimes I need a break. The touch controls make the lava pit levels too difficult. So when i first played this game, i thought it was great! I wanted a sequal, then i heard of one being released and.......its for windows? Awe man. So my biggest question now is...Will it be realesed on Android or Itunes? Besides that 5/5 Excellent! Bits of nostalgia and modern gaming. I had a lot of fun playing this game. Very nostalgic and it draws inspiration from classics such as the Legend of Zelda and Final Fantasy. Very original game play mechanics and a decent story. Fantastic visuals, music and game mechanics. The negative points would be the length. Very short story and also the controls are sometimes quite frustrating. Apart from that, a great game worth downloading and playing! The game is awesome. However, touchscreen controls makes it harder compared to the PC version - a gamepad support would be nice. Unfortunately, the game also contains a major flaw - leaving the first area without picking the Smoother Scrolling chest will trigger a lot of bugs later in the game. Anyone that loves RPG and adventure games will love this. Wish part 2 will come to Android!!!! Really fun, great original idea..entirely to short. Btw your next one in the series should start out as a MUD This game is so good but the controls suck so much Good old school video game Great idea, good execution. A little short and in need of better controls during the "3d" dungeons, but that in no way impacts the fun I had with it. Well worth the price, I would have paid more than double what I did for it. Playing this game with no issues. The style of this game is different it brings back a lot of memories with how the game look changes from old school to more modern. This game is great.  One of the best games on android i have ever played Well thought out game, lot of fun but beat it in less than a day.   Controls are hard, but accurate for old games, so was probably planned that way.  If someone's complaining about it, it's because they're a newbie to gaming and have become spoiled by the newer games. Awesome game, wonderful idea, original and fun implementation, everything DESTROYED by the TERRIBLE controls. Moga game controller used to work but the developer broke the support. Otherwise this would have been a 5 out of 5. Some games just shouldn't be ported to touch screen systems Horribly slow controls coupled with a level that requires you to navigate a crumbling floor above lava equals a recipe for disaster! Then if you die at the ridiculously hard boss later on; due to a lack of save points you have to start WAY back, right before this crumbling floor crappy controls nightmare I'm only partially through this game but I'm loving how it evolves. It is great fun. No perfect but very good. Great game, loved the transitions from the early 2d sprites to the 3d stuff. Well worth a play although save points could be a bit more frequent and change menu so to no easy to select "new game" by mistake and lose all progress It's beautiful, hard (maybe you should add more save spaces) and it has a very good music It is a great game that gives the feeling of nostalgia. Well designed and good story, but it IS short. Otherwise I loved it. Easy linear game with a touch of nerdy humour. What's not to like :) It's fun for long enough that you can't return it, but then the game gets stupid with awful controls making it extremely difficult to progress. Fantastic game with awesome graphics. The boss fight was a bit of a dissapointment though. The amount of times I've fallen into a lava pit....and the controls don't get better as you progress which is frustrating. Really enjoyable Amazing game. This is a pure love letter to every old school gamer. This was well worth the price. I LOVED this game. Decent plot. Great "idea" for a game. And the funny references in it are quite hilarious. Many times in the game there were light bulbs turning on. I love it so much! Awesome game that seems to get better and better. Best game concept ever fun from beginning to end. Entirely to short. Little pieces of Final Fantasy, Zelda, and a little Diablo. The controls are rough, but hey it's a mobile game. Yeah. I'm not much for mobile games. At all...but when I saw the evolving world in the screen caps I was compelled to check it out and oh my god. The game is cliché in all the right ways and innovative. Starting out from old school 8-bit and evolving into graphical fidelity that surpasses FFIX is absolutely amazing. I'm loving how they are mixing Zelda and Final Fantasy into one game in terms of mechanics and even character names (Clink?... really?! Lolol) great game...wonky controls Very fun game! Lag is so bad once reaching the ruins that im at half health before hitting one enemy I liked the game it was alot of fun but it was way too short I honestly want a refund cause it was not worth it The controls are a bit cumbersome, specifically the movement control.  They should implement a control similar to doom and destiny where any movement on the left half counts and any taps on the right half count instead of the dedicated areas.  Also, getting kicked to the title screen after death is super lame. no save points in dungeons and bad controls make this a frustrating experience.tired of having to start over.please put in save points. Seems like it would be a good game but the bad controls make the dungeons so hard.  And there are barely any save points so when you fall a million times because of the controls you have to keep starting back at the beginning of the dungeon. I never leave reviews, but this game is so unique and the abundant nostalgia I felt playing this... just awesome! Can't believe it's only a dollar, could easily be $10 and worth it. This game is fantastic but I wish there was a way to use a Bluetooth controller for it. I have a moga controller but they aren't supported. Pretty solid game. Beginning can get a little frustrating, as its a 1 hit K.O. system till you unlock health. Save alot! It's brilliant. Great concept. I really like this game. It's a fun concept and is mostly enjoyable. Unfortunately there aren't enough save points. There should be a save point or auto save before every large battle and every boss battle. It's sucks when you get to a main boss at the end of a dungeon and die. You are taken back to the last save which is about half way through. This game is vary good and 100% worth the 99¢ Amazing IGN 11/10. I wish there were more to the story line :( great game and very entertaining. This game is worth so much more than what is being charged. By far my favorite game on the play store. Highly recommended for those that grew up with the original gaming systems! Everytime I open up the game it instantly crashes. Pretty good. You can't bet the price. Really fun collecting chests and seeing the game evolve. Get it! It's decent. Not worth you cash. To much money for it Amazing game.  Make another one!!! Good but a little short I loved playing this, even though it was very short. Great concept. It was like playing through the evolution of my childhood from the mid 80's through the 90's, which I enjoyed. I just wish it was a bit longer. Worth every penny. To journey thru the evolution if gameing and the diolog was funny, and the nod to some of the most popular games. To all the gamers, dedicated! Once i found out that the merchant gives you an extra heart i got it then i still cant get past the final stage with the blue fire ball tennis thing it sucks Very fun and creative. It's a short and fast game it needs more bosses and it needs bigger land and we don't need the ship it makes everything too easy I had fun playing it, worth the payment Its so amazing its undiscribable GE IT NOW HILE ITS ONLY 99 CENTS Beat it in two days wish it was longer but I loved it 10/10 One of the best games I've played in awhile, wish it was a lot longer. I really like the style and concept of this game. Waiting for the second one! will you guys add gamepad support for android too Love it Dope game. Wish it was a bit longer very original though. I though it was really fun and clever. Kinda short, but I played it to the end cuz it was that good If you love video games this is a very noval idea and so fun to play. Might be best android have I've ever played.  They nailed it. Really awesome game will recommend it to others and the story is just amazing. Great game, but for devices with on screen buttons, it would look so much better if the buttons weren't in the way. Great idea and good job! Absolutely loved the game plus the descriptions are like bonus :D There are absolutely no saves in dungeons, when I die in or near the end I have start all over this SUCKS in a game. Take a game class please. MORE SAVES. This is the first game I've bought and it was definitely worth it. I am getting an Error Message when versusing the Shadow Boss in The Noria Mines. (Null):argument Error #3672 (Null): touch to close. The screen goes black and Force Closes the Game. This happens randomly while fighting the Boss or when you die at Boss. Because of this Error I can not progress farther. Please fix this in your next update. Great game with funny nods/references to other great games. Really like the uniqueness of this game. Would love to see Evoland2! I like this game but the onscreen controls suck.  It desperately needs support for a controller.  I'm constantly falling into pits or lava because of it. It just gets annoying. Great game, but very very short Sucks when you die you only get option to go back to main menu. Had everything any rpg player expect and more that was unexpected. Then when it un freezes, I'm at the title screen cause the game keeps going and I die. Note 4 Pretty fun little RPG, worth the buy for sure. Only got a few hours of gameplay out of it though. There's some really nice (and sometimes funny) tributes/references to other RPGs and other nerd culture. Great Concept! There is no other like this game. It's marvelous Love this game, ive never seen one that uses this type of progression Worth the price I love the game and I'm just stuck on a boss battle though Great work guys keep it up. Can't wait to see what else you come out with I just love it, it's simple, familiar, challenging, fun. Worth the buy for sure. You won't be disappointed. The graphics and gameplay are smooth. Fun game but need controller support Plays well on my Nexus 7 2013. Does not support external controllers, unfortunately. I connected my Nyko Playpad but it didn't do anything. Would be nice if support was added for external controllers. Very nice game Great game I'd buy the second game if it were ever made I've been waiting for a classic RPG like this since I got my first smart phone. No in app purchases, no annoying gameplay, just classic fun I can pull out and use any where. I'd easily pay $5 for a game like this. Can't wait for a sequel. Picked this up for .99 from Google Rewards I had accumulated not expecting much, to my surprise this game was one of the best mobile games I've played, really brought back memories of older games as a kid. Worth picking up for the 1-2 hour adventure it offers. Was gutted to finish this game. I could've played it for weeks.       There's something really addictive and satisfying about collecting chests that actually improve the graphics and dynamics of the game. Really enjoyed playing through this game. Very clever and well executed game. Yes, it is short and I would have loved for it to be a longer play. Bought the game on sale and felt it was a great game for the price. Hope they eventually bring Evoland 2 to Android. Absolutely infuriating controls at times. This game has been a joy to play. I loved this game so much, that I needed to write a review about it. In fact, this is the first review I ever wrote fr a game. :3 That is how much I approve of this game. My ONLY complaint, is that the movement controls are kindy tricky. Aside from that, it is a very fitting tribute to the games of our youth. Keep up the good work, guys! :D ..but no full screen support? Very funny, very fun game. I would love a sequel of some kind. It needs better control for its puzzles. But otherwise it was pretty good. Literally the best $1.00 i've ever spent on a game... Maybe anything. No in -app purchases, just a great game at the right price. Cloud and Aerith, I mean... Clink and Kaeris are fun and familiar. The evolution of game play makes the game difficult to put down. This is what mobile gaming should be. Thank you devs! Great idea. Where is the exit button? SUPERB Will not let me download game is cool Once I get to the world map, it crashes everything. Sad because this could be an awesome game. Uninstaller it One of the best games I've played I love this game, it's fantastic. I just wish I knew if this had controller support, I'm not a huge fan of touch screen controls. I wish the story was longer than 45 mins pls refund Nice work devs - I love how the game continues to advance in colors/sound/music/gameplay....great idea and well executed. I enjoy playing this game. Thank you! I love the simplicity of old games and the diversity of the new ones, put them together and what do you get, awesome, that's what. Only tiny little thing is all the monsters in caves before you get 3D, otherwise it is all gamers like me could ever wish for Love this game very well built. However this needs controller support like Moga otherwise I highly recommend this game its a lot of fun. Fun game! After purchasing a stoga dobe controller and then using it for the game, i noticed it will not go upwards, or will any other buttons work except for the 'Y' or 'R3' which is exactly the same thing "do you want to return to the title screen?" severely flawed game currently by this huge problem and needs fixing pronto Boot error.. click close, please fix This game is like a map of my childhood. Starting with NES and moving up through the generations of consoles. The one thing this game desperately needs is controller support. Touch controls are fine to start with but as you progress and navigate the various traps it becomes difficult to maneuver your character. Would be a solid 4 star game otherwise. But it was kinda short If this game had HID support, I would add a star. It's more of a physical issue for me, not a knock on the game itself. It is just difficult to play for me since it hurts my hands trying to use a thin phone as a controller. I usually buy one handed or HID games, but thought I'd give this one a shot. Oh well...Also, please have us go back to a save point,& not the main menu, upon death. It is like all my childhood gaming wrapped up in one game! Beautiful developing graphics and gameplay!! Could have a longer storyline with multiple stories and a couple other features other games do have but this is pretty well polished hats off to you guys! The game is a steal for only 1$ better get it before they higher the price to 5$ Error #1506 This game doesn't know what it wants to be. I haven't played the whole way through yet but I wish I could go back to the d-pad instead of the analog stick type thing Wish it had better controls, and a longer fleshed out story. I would totally pay for that. Great concepts and fun to pick up and play. My only complaint is you can beat it in one sitting. Would be cool for them to expand on this with an update or a sequel. EXTREMELY UNIQUE! The concept is very original. Great game all around! Congrats to the creator(s) of this game! Almost gave it 5 stars but after 10 minutes into a dungeon with no save points a tornado pushed me into a wall. Literally into the wall I couldn't move and had to reload my save and lose 10 minutes and that made me mad. Really good game though and worth more than a dollar for sure If you died you go back to the main manu and have to start all over Great game and the execution was flawless. Hey, I know this game. Hey, I know this item. Hey, I know the plot, Hey, I know the scene. Hey!!! Love it Excellent game Game was fairly short but for 99 cents amazing love the references in it addictive game worth buying Great game.  Well worth the .99 Originally played this on PC. Love that it's on Android now. I recommend Evoland 2 on steam. The evolution of the game as you progress really took me back through the years of playing RPG's. Excellent idea and game design. Awesome game, I wish it had the ability to save anywhere in the overworld. I love this game, the idea, the art, the gameplay, everything. However, the fact that you're brought back to the main menu with a long animation every single time you die is just too annoying. If you would simply restart from the last save point I would have given 5 stars. It kinda ruins the whole flow of the game. Just bought the game played for a few minutes and now it boots me out.  I try booting it back up play for just one second and it boots me off again. Please fix. Upon launch the game gets to the title screen then goes black, says, "(null):blocked" and says, "(null): touch to close". Please fix or at least helo me out. :/ This game has great potential. Like the title of the review says, it is like a crossover between Final Fantasy and The Legend of Zelda. The controls are what really holds the game back. If you don't mind playing the same level over and over again just to beat the level it is a good pick up. Well worth my $1 Please ADD SHIELD TV Support PLEASE!!! Maby It doesn't work for some people but it works Galaxy devices. And it's a rely cool game it reminds me of the legend of Zelda series. And the game keeps upgrading Wil you are playing. immediacy crashes after opening. kind of sad, it looks good. Love the concept Addictive and fun. Nice controls. There's a constant crash no matter what I do. As soon as I boot it up and click 'Continue' it crashes. Bad controls not worth $5, save yourself money and get FF instead Crashes upon boot. Boo. If I lost my save.... I'm right after entering the portal. Even with a controller attached, the player character veers off in odd directions rather quickly. This is fine for most of the game until you need precise movements, then it becomes horrible. Additionally, this game spends so much time joking about RPGs that it forgets to be a good RPG on its own. Overall it's fun enough but needs a lot more depth to be a good RPG in its own right. Nothing much else to say just fixing my review after an update Awesome! of the rpg genre than an actual rpg. So if it's a lengthy, challenging, 'serious' rpg you're after don't waste your money. The humour is similar to that in A Bard's Tale but since Evoland is quite short and has a lot of different environments it didn't get tedious like ABT did. I loved how the graphics 'evolve' from simple monochrome 2D to full 3D I'm giving it 5 stars for that alone. Great, fun little game Way to short hopefully you guy and more storyline or something cuz the game play is fun...so update and I'll definitely give 5 stars The final boss is ridiculously overpowered. It's an extremely frustrating fight that wasn't worth completing. When exactly is evoland 2 supposed to come to Google play? I loved the first game and would hope its sequel comes out soon This game is amazing the only thing I don't like is the game is short and can be beat in a thew hours if you played other rpgs before but  besides that it had great controls a good story and mega fun gameplay The boss is simply too hard, I fought him for 15 min strait and lost. Starting to think the game can't be beat. The nostalgia factor alone makes this a pretty cool game, but it's missing controller support. I want to be able to play this on the Nvidia Shield TV. I kept getting killed in one shot even though I had four hearts and one of the bosses kept hitting me through a wall that was some b******* I almost won too I want a refund My love fo tis game enormus Just wish it was longer. Constantly dying as a result of difficult to control movements, otherwise has been a fun but short game. I got this cause it looked cool it turned out to be a cheap knock off of nintendo games and even the popular skyrim " ...arrow in knee" and the character movement is so slow I played through it very quickly, so don't get it expecting hours of play. That said, it's very well made and executes it's idea quite well. Especially fun of you've lived through all these ages in RPGs. Nice I really enjoyed this game, it's a short homage, very enjoyable self. The last boss is a bit frustratingly clunky, but it's a fun game. Fun game but too short Keep playing and the game starts to look like Final Fantasy 7. Pretty cool if you grew up with Zelda and Final Fantasy 1. Glitches fixed! Could use some more bosses Hurry up and bring out evoland 2 on here The idea is solid, the game starts of interesting. After a couple of hours you really see the limitations, the gear means nothing, the puzzles are dull, the combat is flawed.  The biggest challenge is against the control when in zelda or diablo mode.  Really short, ui bugs, no real progression or rpg elements... only bad humour that stems from referencing poorly emulated mechanics from classic rpgs. The floating analog control is very mushy, I always seem to be drifting it across the screen. Even if it was just locked to a specific screen position it would be super helpful. I know there's a D-pad in the code, it popped up briefly once after I died, ever since I've been hoping to get it back. I love this game so much but the controls don't work like they should. I am giving up on trying to play this game with Bad Controls. Way too frustrating...  Because I feel good game controls are important for games I rate this 2 stars. If the controls were more sensitive allowing player to move then I would have given 5 stars. Awesome reminder of all the changes gaming has gone through. Way to short for the price It is great I loved this game until I figured out that you can beat the game before the battery to your tablet runs out. It's a great game and I like that it seems like a cross between final fantasy and zelda, but the game is just too short. I might have given it 5 stars if it had lasted a while. Fun but no Google Cloud Save This game is great, from the unique concept to the gripping gameplay. Nostalgic without being repetitive. Finally managed to complete it to 100% and cannot wait for evoland 2 to come to mobile! Minor improvements could be to allow battleship reset to avoid it being unreachable and having google play acheivwments to keep track of which ones you've completed. Thanks for this awesome game! Zelda done right on mobile device, want more This has got many negative reviews saying it is too short. The tagline 'a SHORT game about videogame evolution? Seriously????? It is great with many great references (the bowser door, minecraft graphics etc). Not much of a storyline but you can't have everything. And yes, this is overpriced. But if you are willing to donate a little cash to a little game then it is fine. The evolution gameplay is amazing and the HD graphics remind me SO MUCH of oceanhorn/zelda. It is what it is. good game, frustrating controls It keeps force closing on me I love the game though Love it there is no problems with how it is as far as I can tell It changes too fast, there is next to no storyline, just too hard and boring. I would like to request a refund because I thought that the gamr was too short and not worth the money. Thank you. I could enjoy it so much more if I didn't have to think about not clicking new gane, because once I do that there's no way I can get back to were I was :( Clink moves by him self Love this! Love the progression and change through the game. I couldn't be happier with it I only wish it stayed longer on each game evolution stage, it rushes through them too fast Blade runner reference I love it This game was awesomely fun and I hope the second game comes out on touch screen devices as well. Worth buying if you're interested in RPG games. Great game, ran through it in two sittings. Fun jokes and references. Is there any way to manually choose the graphics option? As the game progresses my phone cant keep up with the masses of enemies at the highest graphics setting..... so i cant finnish it..... Fun game but at first it's hard to control the guy till u unlock more chest but great game over all had to reset my phone so lost my data wish we could save it online that would be better 5 stars! Lovely game. Had great potential. But the game is less than 3 hrs long. A great disappointment for a 4.99 GAME Great and original idea Great concept. Great game play. Boss feels like an average lvl 1 boss. Hope story continues....  Evoland II superb Want my money back Short but brilliant. This is a fresh take on mobile gaming! A perfect blend of fun and satire! It felt nostalgic but also had a beautiful graphic scheme. Awesome job guys!! I will be playing this over and over again just to rediscover the fun!!! Im hoping that the sequel will be converted to android mobile as well!! Fingers crossed... Midgame gets a bit tedious this game is worth the money I love how it transitions from 1,2, and 3 dimensions, but I'm giving it 4 Stars because it's not a long game, and there are only 4 bosses if it was anything like I would have hoped then I would have given it 5, it really needs more content. (Samsung Galaxy S4) I'm at a loss for words as to how to explain just how amazingly awesome this game is, I absolutely love this game 😍😂. Please full screen it's a good game Fun, nostalgic, great graphics, great gameplay, BUT TOO SHORT! Not worth $5. Make $1 or free. It's amazing It's cute, but the game is extremely thin. The mechanic of introducing gameplay concepts as the game progresses could be neat, but because it's more concerned with making smarmy, tongue in cheek references, a lot of the time the changes are entirely cosmetic, despite claiming to be otherwise. For example, when "storyline" is unlocked, it's just a quick block of throwaway text that is never referenced again. The one level where switching between modern and early gameplay never actually utilizes mechanical differences, but relies on blocks which are only raised in one mode or the other. The changing mechanics never interact, so instead of feeling like a "dynamic gameplay" game it's basically a series of disconnected mini-games that each reference a different classic RPG/adventure game. Absolutely love the transition from 2 bit to 4 d as you play.  Reminds me of starting on an Atari and working my way to the Wii The game has everything I love in rpgs and purposely mocks everything I hate lol Its a great game with whimsical humor throughout. This app is well worth it. Amazing idea! Needs to be longer and use more of the changing between graphics at will to solve puzzles! absolutely love the game except for it was too short I'm someone that plays games for fun and this was one of the best ever but it was too short this was one of the shortest games I've ever beaten and i haven't beaten that many games before  but I would love a sequel a lot longer sequel Can you please make it to where we can move the app to the SD card Don't pay 5 dollars for it not worth it Never mind, problem fixed. Very good game! Great game for gamers and non-gamers alike. I got to live through different milestones in game development through a fun and engaging gameplay. Love it. Freezes too often on 5.1, controls need improvement but otherwise okay. Not sure it's worth the slightly premium price. Lame game don't let the graphics fool you. For this amount of money, you'd think the game would be a little longer then it is!!! Sad!!! Get to the "you have the right key" screen and nothing happens Neat idea. Lots of fun The game was done rather well, although parts could have been done MUCH better, the over all idea and points it tries to communicate come through, there are a couple sections that the movement controls could do better, but overall the gameplay is solid for all the game styles they throw in, and the comedic pokes at all of their fail points are accurate if you ever played a game of that type. The game is really short (you can beat it in 3 hours) the enemies are all the same maybe 6 different ones total. I kind of seems like they took there ideas of character and ememies from Super Mario and Final Fantasy. It was good until 2 hours in. Totally not worth the 5 bucks. I would wait till it drops to 1 dollar be caused you're not missing much. Evoland's concept is great, I loved the progressive changes to show the historic evolution in videogames and how you sometimes switch between stages. It's also funny. - Points: More save points missing in some areas where you die easily (Ruins of Sarudnahk). Controlls are not great it's not that comfortable to move around. I would've liked the story to be more complete+original. Overall it's a fun game with a great concept and a lot more potential IMO! Gamepad and Android TV support would be awesome :) The game is fun but needs a confirmation to start a new game, I've have to restart many times because of this. Really short, but brought back fond memories. Fun but short for $5 It's a great idea, but it's far too short for $5. I beat it in less than 2 hours... Things happen too fast, too little weapons and armor. I kinda want my money back. It's not worth as much as it costs until they add a lot more. The concept is interesting, but the actual game play is terrible. I played for a while now and the graphics are still primitive. The turn based battles need better controller support. But otherwise this game is an awesome parody retrospective of its genre. It's fun! No doubt about that, and the nostalgic way it runs through the adventure genre of gaming is a walk down memory lane for older gamers. However, I feel as though the developers haven't quite worked out what they're doing with this idea, like they had a meeting and decided 'hey, let's do a game that goes through the entire RPG genre from 2d sidescroller to modern day graphics in one' and everyone said 'yeah, awesome', but they then didn't put any effort into a story, or a reason for it to be like this, so it sort of falls down in the story-telling, progressing with the characters side of things. I hope that they do a second one and develop the story ideas, characters, etc. more. Got it on steam and its exactly the same game just portable. :) The game can be beat in a few minutes.  Not worth it. A great story, short but great, hope to see more like this from the developer in the future! I feel cheated out of a full experience, it deserves to be expanded. It was far too short and has so much potential. This is a great game and love playing it but it has the worst movement controls, it's very sticky and jurky and if your trying to move fast to avoid anything moving to you you just stand there or jurk around trying to react. Fix this with a control that won't slip up nonstop when fast response is needed to avoid things and it gets 5 stars. Amazing game well worth the money Only bad thing is its too short I have been searching for a game like this on google play and I have to admit it is awesome Really fun concept and great game play. I recommend it to all retro fans out there. Nuff said Evoland mixes some of the best games together and has a cool way of upgrading the game, but I wish you could choose your fighting style. Also the game is too short for its price. This is $2 worth of content but it costs $5. Make a longer sequel and it will be awesome! Can't wait for No. 2 Amazing Zelda meets Final Fantasy mash-up that's very fun. Many humorous references for long-time gamers. Im stuck at Zephyrus The concept is great and the game is fun, however; it's way too short for what you pay. If you're expecting a game time like that of Final Fantasy or Legend of Zelda, expect less; much less. This game can probably be beaten in 2 hours or less. If they added 20+ hours of story line and content this game would be worth much more. This is a great game. It has some good laughs in it along with it being fun. Also a good time trying to collect everything! Will the sequel be available to play on android as well? Also I was cheated out of a card in edel vale. how do you refund This game is simpely amazing!! Plan and simple!....great game. If you are a fan of RPG'S this game is for you. Love it!!!! Awsome 4 stars for it being fun and overall a well designed game.  The biggest issue I've found with the game is bugs.  If you lock your screen and come back to the game bosses will spawn a 2nd time or your controls will disappear. But add more places to explore and stuff like that. Way too short for the price and the touch controls were buggy, Aside from that the story line and the way the game advances from past graphics and controls to present was flawless would love to see a more in depth version put out for PC or Console Short but really sweet play on rpgs.  A must for any true fan. Great game but I dont think its worth $6 Though it is a little on the short side, it's a great game the changes of engine are very satisfying This game makes me laugh with every chest I find. Incredibly fun. I don't regret buying this. Unacceptable If they're were a game to capture all my favorite games into one it would be this one. If you grew up in the 90's loving Final Fantasy, Zelda, Dragon Quest you will love this game. So unique in game play but, so fun. I don't want any spoilers but, its worth ever penny. Wish they made a sequel.  *HInt* *Hint* A beautifully crafted trip of nostalgia. I absolutely loved watching the game evolve as it progressed. A bit short and but perfect for mobile gaming. I also loved the little things like the CD loading animation! A perfect homage to old NES games and beyond. Although similar to Zelda most of the time, it still is a well rounded game. Gets stale Worth the time and money Really fun game with such a different concept from others. So many gaming history references and tons of fun! Super polished game I enjoyed the whole time. My only complaint is that it felt short ( or I played too much too quickly?) However I am blocked at the wind trap that shoots me in a pit. Maybe I'm slow, but I've lost all my hearts twice! :P It's a fun little game, but either due to my screen protector or due to the interface itself, I have limited control over my movement. Being unable to move easily is fatal in the Noria Mines. The whirlwind puzzle, for example, is a simple matter of timing, except if you can't move reliably, it just becomes a crapshoot. A shame, because the game is fun. Evoland is a fun game but every time when I go back to my home screen and when I've turn my phone off too. May you fix this for me in the next up date. By the way I've have a Samsung Galaxy s5. Best game on the app store in my opinion Best game i played from the android market kemco games are so easy and boring but this game it's beautiful and has more then 1 battling system love it. Awesome game, but final boss is too hard. If you enjoy a variety of games and love, all games from old to new then this is a great buy!!! Very nostalgic.  I really wish it was longer but well worth it. So fun a little short but still really cool Cool idea but waaaaaay short. I thought I was going thought an introduction to the game... I never write reviews but this game wowed me,  defo worth the price,  breath of fresh air,  wish it would be up ported to consoles tho with more depth. originally 5 stars. Upon completion edited down to 4 stars. Very well done game. Extremely worth playing, but worth playing for five dollars? After completing the game, I agree it is shorter than expected for that price of a game that has little replay value. It would be a phenomenal game at $2.50. I guarantee if it was a dollar then they would have made more money than at five and would have nearly all 5 star ratings. The game is an experience everyone should enjoy, but wait for a price drop to snatched it up. I have this on steam for the pc the game is amazing!!!!! One of the best android rpg's ever made Such an interesting concept for a game which I'd recommend everyone tries This game was fun and challenging! The plot was witty and straight forward, definitely play again. This game is brilliant. Well worth the money. It's an excellent mix of both Zelda, Final Fantasy, and a few other RPGs and it just works. The way the game slowly evolves from Gameboy style play into something perfectly modern is just fantastic. My only gripe is that the touch controls are a little wonky from time to time and it's waaaaaay too short for how fun it is, but it never once took away from my overall enjoyment. Seriously. Worth the money. So many references to the classics! Minus some lagging (galaxy s5), the game is fun and (eventually) beautiful!  Love it! Will update my review in due course, just want to say that this game looks awesome from the video and I really hope it will feel like mystic quest and other ff games! As people have mentioned it's sort of on the short side but it's also probably the most fun I've had playing a game on the phone. Not a single bad moment - and super awesome for nostalgia. Perfect control scheme too. This concept could and should be made into a full fledged triple A game for consoles and computers. Awesome idea and history of gaming, but if I pay money for an rpg I expect it to give me at least a couple days worth of playing before beating it with all stars and cards. Especially when I could buy a final fantasy game and have it last 20x longer with more to explore. Great start, just advance story line and build upon it Money not wasted. Played it 100% through. Gameplay gets better as you progress through the game. Finding some items can be challenging but well worth it. Final boss was a pain at first but became easier when I figured out how to beat the final form. Great gane overall. Would love to see a part 2 in the future. Fantastic storyline, ideas, and execution Fabulous homage to gaming, simple yet amazing, all the elements of tried and tested awesomeness! Masterpiece This would have gotten 5 stars if the story like was longer. I beat it in less than a day. Other than that I really like it Good games in android are few the free ones you better off without them most of the time but this one is totally worth it is having nostalgia for a game you never played before Too short man Stuck on Noria mines because the fire spitting part is too laggy, please fix Nice puzzle Good parody No regret for pay to play. This game has so many old references, I had a smile on my face the whole time playing. Definitely worth every cent, pick it up if you're even remotely thinking about getting it. Definitely brings on the nostalgia and has a ton of witty moments. It's a bit too difficult at times, due to using a touchscreen to control movement in the 3D world. Not much we can do about that. Otherwise it's an amazing game and I highly recommend it. Awesome game This game is amazing XD This is a $1.99 game at best. Way too expensive for the amount of gameplay A very creative and fun game. Such a great idea! I think a buddy showed me the Ludum Dare version of this, which I loved, so when I saw it for sale here, it was a no-brainer!  Great game! Really nice game i love it, the only thing we can all agree on is that its to short but besides that its a real fun game. Story is kind of eh but gameplay is fun and you'll have a good time playing this Thanks for the fix. Great concept great game play there should be a part 2 This is certainly entertaining and well thought out. However, the item menus are a bit too simplistic and the games duration is shorter than one would hope for. I would love to keep playing the game but I've 100 % in just 8 hours of playtime. Overall I'd suggest trying it for yourself. Amazing Amazing game but mabye you should put a year when you open a chest with new graphics? Too much falling into lava,  off cliffs, because of bad controls. Not for me. I would love a refund. Fun game to play. Good controls. It teaches you how video games have come so far. Recommended for rpg fans. It also pokes fun at the  typical old style for example zelda (a door has opened somewhere, hmm but where) great game. Loved zelda too of course. Hats off easily one of the best games on the play store. What a blast. A bit short but runs beautifully. Great concept and very clever. Got a couple of giggles along the way. Anxiously waiting the next game. Very nicely done. Great job! Update... 2/21/15 I'm stuck at the Sacred Glade. I have one of the pieces of the item I need. When I enter the Glade every time I move I end back at the entrance. Any ideas? Did I miss a chest that let's me break rocks or something? Let me know all I can do is replay areas I have been to. I'm really looking forward to finishing. This game is extremely fun! This runs like butter all the way through on the note 4 and really pops on the display. Great job! Short but awesome! Can't get past a level and now the game is done. I hate that. Great concept. Great story. A bit short, but worth it Great idea for a game. Funnest game I've played in a long time. Not very deep compared to the RPGs that it's parodying. I love how this game plays Great mix of entertaining game play with reliving the past. 10/5 stars if I could. So cool with always new thing coming up Got this on pc from humble bundle, and couldn't wait till it hit android! If you've played any old school 8/16 bit game like legend of Zelda and such, you'll love this! Game takes so little time. No content. Great concept i got a chuckle from the changing scenes but yea. Not worth what they want. Wish i could get my money back Fast past and very nostalgic. I think at the end it slows down a bit. I really wanted to keep on opening more treasure chest by the end :P A good port, nicely priced as well. It's a fun game and it is fun to work through all the game types but the game is a little short Nails the best of many rpg titles Super cool to play through video game evolution. Needs to be longer. Love the evolution from classic to modern style rpg's and the ability to switch between classic and new to solve puzzles. I know the title says it's a short story which is fine but for $5 it's just a little too easy and short. Everything from the game to the developers its amazing Only thing it needs is a way to see your achievements and cards, other than that, it's absolutely incredible.  One of the best games I've played in a long time. (null) unsupported formats tex/u Elements.png (null) (null)Touch to close It's pretty good, but it gets kind of repetitive and boring Evoland takes you on a journey through the history of video games. It pays tribute to many video game classics including Zelda, Final Fantasy, Diablo, Mario, etc... The things I loved most about the game: 1- The game references. This game is full of gamer nostalgia. 2- The evolution of the game. Always keeps things interesting. 3- The game switches between turn based and real time. If only the game were longer... Also, not much replay value. Still one of the best tablet games out there! 3d gameplay fixed with new update. Love it. But lacked in the end. I purchased under the idea of a jrpg, but make no mistake the game was fun to play. But I don't believe it his the five dollar mark on its value. It has no replay value saddly, but the game is unique in its on ways. A must play for retro fanatics looking for a trip down memory lane, but new style rpg fans may be left feeling disappointed Love this game if you would like to get a little bit of history of graphics/RPG then this is the place for you.  I waited to review this game til a 3d bug was fixed.   I would suggest this to my friends. Being born in the 90's, this game gives me so much more appreciation for how far mobile games have come. With fantastic artwork and graphics, I wish there were more games similar to this one! Runs pretty well on a snapdragon 400 phone (Moto g). The d-pad is a bit bigger and more improved after this update. For a better experience, I would recommend using a Moga or any other Bluetooth controller for fighting the last boss or 3D dungeons. The "d-pad" moves around the screen other than that its a fun little game This is absolutely my favorite mobile game by far!  Game play is amazing, evolution is exciting, and I can only hope for a sequel! I enjoyed playing through the story, although I wish there were (more?) Secret of Mana references. However, the controls are not well-suited for the disappearing-tiles or light-puzzle bits. I tried to slowly creep my way along those, but often the character would go in some completely unexpected direction. Relived my childhood from 8 bit to prerendered to full 3D! When I make to 3d the characters glitch out and its weird to play I bought the game it didn't work I refunded it but it didn't give me my money back Controls are crap for how precise the game wants you to be. On top of that, the character models won't load Fantastic and original! Keep up the good work! I'm having the same issue as Cue Blue. Once it became 3d, the characters aren't displayed right and its all glitchy lookin. Pls, help. Lol One of the best games that I've played on the play store Amazing Simply well put. I love the style, and feel. Hats off to the development team. Game has horrible flaw when it goes to 3d, all the characters vanish  and are replaced with a line. Can't believe I paid for something that doesn't work. I would really like a refund. if you are a child of the NES RPG generation and played ever since.  This game is for you. I never pay for apps, but this one is so worth it! I agree with Mito Face, needs full controller support so the turn based battles can be used with a controller.  Love how clever the game is, it's just great! Great game, had a lot of fun however a bit to short for price paid. Should've spent longer in 2D graphics and then longer still in 3D. Looking forward to the sequel Great concept, well executed. Thanks for making (and publishing to android)! More please :) One of the best games I've played on mobile. The only problem is that it is way too short and it needs more content and upgradeable characteristics. So much potential! Support this extraordinary developer! I can honestly say that a mobile has never had me hooked like this. I have always been a huge Zelda fan but never had the attention span to play through any Final Fantasy game. This was a pleasant mix of both and the Diablo dungeon was a nice touch. My only gripe is that it was a tad short. Ditch the lava floor puzzles with touchscreen controls but keep the mechanics simplistic, and please please make us a sequel, thanks. awesome I could go on for hours on how great this game is but to keep it short and simple it's an amazing concept that was beautifully executed. The only downside is that I can't give it more than 5 stars, amazing game =) I beat the Game, BUT when I Beat Zephyros HE KEEPS COMING BACK and the villagers keep telling me to Kill Him.... FIX THIS Reminds me of classical games I used to play on my gameboy color and was at the cheap price of $4.99. I couldn't put it away once I started. Love the game. Only problem I have is the streak glitch in the 3d realm But it becomes very boring once you learn the mechanics and bosses are no challenge Loved this game. Reminds me of the old rpg's!! A must play for every JRPGs lovers Great interpretation of the genre and it's evolution through time. I loved every moment of this game up until the credits started to roll and I realized it was over. The constantly changing gameplay kept it from having any dull moments. This game deserves more than 2 towns and 5 dungeons. It was about 3 hours of gameplay. The last dungeon got me so excited for the rest of the game, but it ended up just being a big fat tease. I really enjoyed it and would recommend it, but the lack of content upsets me. Please release evoland 2 on android as well. Very fun Growing up on classic RPG's, this game is great for me. I love the story, jokes, and imagery. I took 2 stars for things that should be in every game, controller support and Google Play Games integration to sync saves. Played an hour and have been enjoying it tremendously. Fun with the changing graphics and gameplay. Highly recommended! Love the style of gameplay, graphics and story telling. All the references to Zelda and FFVII are amazing. Truly a great game to play! Edit: I'll give it four stars instead of five, I completed the game 10 minutes after my initial review and must conclude the game is way, WAY to short. I would love some DLC for this game. When i beat the first boss and gain the crystal my charter glitches and all monsters are invisble after 😭 This game is the most wonderful and creative love letter to the RPG genre and to the fans themselves. For someone in their late twenties on up who watched the games evolve first hand, this is a beautiful time warp that is worth every penny. Hats off!! I like the game so far but when i touched the crystal and got the 3d model all of them started glitching and its so hard to play plus it looks awful. I tried starting over and going through that part again but theyre still glitched. PLEASE FIX SOON so i can enjoy this game. Needs update to get 3d models to display correctly,  seems to be stretching between pixel 1 of the scene and where the model is supposed to be.   Otherwise a ton of fun. Great game!  Would be awesome if immersive mode was implemented/available for devices with on-screen navigation bars My only problem is gping back to the title screen every time you die. It's pretty annoying. My brother is having the the 3d glitch on his droid razr m but on my note 3 its perfect. I repurchased this game in hopes of being able to play and it crashes on startup. Refund please. I can't even play Fun, full of jokes, interesting... But, bug is found. At girl's village if you try to get out from the village without talking to her uncle, the character is disappear, and cannot go to other map. The game is really fun for everyone who played j-rpgs in the 90s. It started really varied but it lost its vibe towards the end and as the game grew harder the inaccuracy of the controls became really obvious. Still kept me hooked all the way to the end, so kudus for that! After unlocking the 3d graphics the entities (including characters)  are glitched and streached across the screen.  Once this is fixed i would be happy to continue playing this great game and rate 5 stars!!  :) This game shows what mobile gaming should be. No IAP for a complete experience without asking for money and programmed processes to try and make you spend. Original idea perfectly executed and reactive producers that listen to their customers and update according to the feedback they get. A trip down memory lane well worth buying. Congratulations and I hope you will offer other quality products similar to this one in the future. Never go down the freemium route! I love these types of games and to have them all merged into one fun self aware romp is awesome.  I haven't played through it all yet, I think I'm on the final boss fight. . . but I wanted to make sure this game gets the props it deserves.  Very fun.  Also I'm playing this game on my Tegra Note 7 and it was very easy to set up the bluetooth gamepad controls using nvidia's included tools.  I only have to take my game off of the game pad during the turn based fighting but that's no biggie.  Big thumbs up. This game brings back soooo many good memories! Super fun, but the graphics glitch as soon as the 3D section starts. The characters get stretchy. I'll give 5 stars anyway cause the game is genius, but it would be nice if the glitch was fixed in the future. Interesting concept, fun to play. A bit short, but worth the money. Controls were improved on the last update. this game is amazing and so amazing that I bought it on my other phone. Non-fremium!  Thank you developers for making an amazing game that leaves me salivating with nostalgia.  Worth five bucks so I can play a quality game that isn't shoving micro-payment in my face.  I only ever want to play games like this on my phone!  It's not an overly complex console wannabe, and it's not so simple the only fun comes from the occasional syringe injected joy of binge buying a sack of gems. I love all old rpgs and have played pretty much all of them on any console, this game is so original and I am really enjoying it, thank you! Would definitely buy the 2nd one if it comes to mobile (controls are not an issue now) I like the concept , feels very well thought out I absolutely love the game so far.  What a great homage to the world of RPGs.  However, it has been very frustrating to play.  I started playing with the new D-Pad implementation but it is still too small.  It makes moving around way too difficult.  I died numerous times on the first few enemies because of this.  Easily a 5-star game with updated controls.  Update: Controls fixed! 5 stars, thanks so much! Editing to change my review. Thanks for fixing the virtual buttons. 5 stars now so much fun and addicting best take on this in such a long time I hear there is a Evoland 2 coming please release it on here P.S thanks for all the great work done on this game Concept was amazing and game was fun, but the controls were downright infuriating at times. I also would have liked the game to be a bit longer. Awesome, original concept for an RPG game, and it's implemented well. The controls are a bit finicky in the beginning but it doesn't take long to get better. Overall one of my favorite new games in the Play Store I have a short attention span, but this game kept me hooked from the beginning! It is a clever idea but the execution is pretty lacking. I mean it's fun to see the graphics and sound start out from nothing and advance as you go but the concept isn't really worked into the game and you're just handed these upgrades by opening chests as you go. You 'earn' other core stuff like the ability to talk to people or open doors etc which is something DLC Quest did in a massively better way so you'd be better playing that instead (and if you haven't you really should as it's excellent). Also it starts off being so easy as to barely be a game then suddenly ramps up the difficulty to ludicrous proportions at the end of one of the dungeons so it's far from the smoothest experience. The worst thing though is probably the controls which represent the worst implementation of an on-screen joystick that I think I've ever experienced and you'll spend a lot of the time wanting to hurl your phone through the nearest window. That all sounds very negative and I didn't hate it but please for the love of all that's holy make the movement control dynamic (or at least let us changes where on screen it sits). Game has been fantastic so far. My only complaint is that there is no confirmation box on selecting a new game when you are already in progress. I've had to restart twice now because of a fat finger. It is a great game, but please make the d-pad bigger please and please consider adding controller support such as the MOGA Pro Power controller please Any change of better controls? Other than that, I like it! On my Nexus 9, the controls are far too small, and there should be an option to make them larger. Also, an option to load the last save instead of going to the main menu and integration with Google Play Games to sync progress would be fantastic Dpad needs to be adjustable hut outside of that this is one of the greatest homages to RPGs I've played, bought it on PC when it was initially released and it's definitely worth the play. The game is a novel concept and very funny, but the controls need some work. I realize they're part of the game but there needs to be some adjustment available to those of us with larger thumbs. I laughed, I cried from laughing, than I clapped...... The game plays fine, but the controls are too small, and what should be a D-pad is instead a small circle. Needs another control scheme, possibly relative movement. Holy crap. I've been watching play throughs of this on YouTube and even got my fiance to buy it and we love it. I was just sad because I didn't really have a computer to play it on but now its mobile so now I can love it all the same!!!  I'm betting that challenging first boss is gonna be a pain on mobile though... Lol! This game was great on the PC and just as wonderful on Android! I love the app is a good time right Fun game for kids I love this game It is a good game I love this app so much. It is probably one of the best apps ever! ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡ Helps kids learn. Great app Any plans on offeeing orange as a color option for kids with red hair? An app that's all about personalized self identity fall short of the mark if it only "fits" kids with black, brown, or blonde hair! I have twin girls . I wish I could create an additional character . Other than that is great I am so happy with this application. My kids love it. I use it with 6-7 and even 10 year old kids as well, for teaching English as a foreign language, they love it. App is awesome...my younger daughter has autism and this app is one her her faves! Actually both of my girls love it. Keep up the good work! My almost 3 year old loves Starfall numbers. I am so glad that I downloaded  this app for her. She's really engaged and learning at the same time. I  absolutely love that this doesn't need an internet connection. Really great I have bought numerous learning apps and by starfall is the best!! All of them crash and freeze up except for the ABC app. I paid for these apps and my little ones havent even been able to use them because they freeze and crash while they are using them I can't get past the second battle, the one directly after the tutorial due to the fact that game keeps crashing. What a game! Its got so many tried and tested elements of strategy games and fantasy rpg titles whilst also managing to be utterly unique. Quite literally one of the best games iv ever played. EDIT: ZERO CUSTUMER SUPORT. GAME IS UNPLAYABLE. Nobody is answering my email and i cannot even get my money back !!! Game is very cool and looks great, but it often freezes and after a 30 minute long batle it is extremely disappointing and frustrating !! I am using a samsung note 10 plus and this is the first game i am experiencing issues with. Hope there is a fix for that. EDIT. Tried to start all over - the game crashed at the first battle after the tutorial. Waiting for the game support team. Loved the game but it keeps freezing on me. I sent an email to them and never got a response. App keeps freezing and crashing on my high end Samsung Note 20 Ultra. Could not play for even 5 minutes. Keeps freezing on me 😥 Can't play the game. Edit: never heard back from dev. Game is unplayable on note 20 ultra. Crashes Decent port but two things 1: it's freezing and crashing...a lot... During battles. Have restarted. can't get past it. 2: the text choices all need moved up just a little. The bottom option is hitting the rounded edge of the infinity display on my note 20 ultra and you can't select the bottom option without the stylus. You end up hitting the middle option on accident. I know its a good game and i want to play it but sadly i have to ask for a refund. Trying to play on a galaxy s20fe and it keeps freezing at the same point in the second battle when theres only 2 thugs left. Tried it 4 times now and no matter what way the fight goes and moves are made, it always ends up freezing at the start of the enemy's turn when there's only 2 left. A real masterpiece! This is a choice defining graphic novel rpg with 3 parts. One of the best and more enjoyable game I ever played. The trilogy is a must! I even have it in PC. Very engaging, beautiful art style and a beautiful soundtrack the boot. I have all your games plus the soundtracks on vinyl. Seeing you guys liking my review made my day very much :) . Unbelievable that this game exist in a screen fitting your hand. Amazing job guys. This might be considered an interactive graphic novel. The artwork is wonderful, the score adds atmosphere and tension, and the story is neatly integrated with gameplay. Looks like just the game I want to play! Unfortunately the cut scenes badly stuttered on my Pixel 5. I've requested a refund and will try pick it up on Steam. (The details that went into this game probably be better served on a bigger screen. Great strategy game Great game but too laggy and loading screens are ridiculous. Constantly crashing and going to black screen. Amazing concept, though. Would like a refund so I can purchase it on PC. Edit: The game on PC is epic. Poorly designed imo. Player's special moves are sometimes overly complex. No screen rotation available. Seeing who you're hitting is often difficult due to the sole viewing angle. Benefits of items are not clearly explained. You build up a main character only to have him taken away the next minute. Storyline is good, but the questions are often so vague that choosing the right answer seems like a guess. You often seen to be punished no matter what you choose, making it no fun. Not recommended. This game is truly amazing. The atmosphere, the music, the storyline, everything is amazing. The devs did an awesome job in depicting a realistic fantasy environment. Therefore, I disagree with the comment from Suleman Chaudhary. We are talking about the survival of Vikings civilization in a grim world, not a family tea party of Bourbon royalty in a peaceful Sunday morning. Someone shouldn't have asked for a refund over harsh languages in such an excellent game. I'm not a gamer, but looking for something to occupy my mind. I really want to play this game but I open and get nothing but a black screen. Please help. Is there a way to turn off profanity in the game? Please provide a way to switch off the swearing. Expletives like "B*tch" add nothing to the game and ruin the immersion. Don't think you can get away with Norwegian curses like "F*en" or obscene phrases like "rat anus". Please provide an option for respectable people to enjoy the game without degrading words. If not, then I'd like a refund. EDIT: 4 stars for the sincere developers & excellent support team. Thank you for providing me a refund. Excellent game, thoroughly enjoyed it Very borring game play. #Meaningless map #Slow loading despite game concept is very simple #Need to read many texts #Uses English jargons difficult to comprehend Been waiting for BS3 ANDROID for a while now I wanted to give you my money but the app just black screens... Waiting for the bs3 port I have hope in miracles EPIC! I've been looking for this game for months. It's ver LOADING ......... y well balanced between combat, beautiful graphi LOADING .......... cs genuinely difficult choices which impact on the LOADING .......... story development. The world it's set in is similarl LOADING .......... y well crafted without relying on tropes and cliche. LOADING .......... Infact it's hard to find anything wrong with it! Best game that I ever played on the phone!!! An excellent strategy game with a well-told story underpinning it. Excellent game. Highly recommend This game is a work of art. The story, the gameplay, everything. I had this on my iPhone and played through it dozens of times, and I redownloaded it on my Android just because I love it that much. Copied from my BS2 review: It's a real shame the last game of the trilogy won't be ported to mobile. These are some of the most moving, beautiful games I've played on any platform, ever. That the first two games were developed with mobile play in mind pays such massive dividends. The value for money represented by the price is staggering. Google should go out of its way to publicise the presence of fully-fledged experiences like TBS rather than hyping so much junk on the Play Store. The storyline is immersive and although the battle system appears a bit complicated at first, it is easy enough to pick up and master. But despite that, I can't give this any more than 3 stars - first, because the story ends too quickly and second, because for a paid product still available for sale it seems this is only minimally maintained especially for newer devices. I experienced a crash at first launch and I'm currently unable to play the game because of an infinite loading screen. This was a great experience! The only down side was the loading times but they, honestly, helped me fall asleep when I played before bed Loved this game. The art, play style and story was very entertaining. Been playing this game for so long and its still enjoyable I was interested in this game a few years ago and never got around to purchasing it. I should have done so sooner. Pretty great turn based strategy RPG. Artwork is beautiful. Excellent creativity in how the world is developed. I only have two complaints. The story is a bit difficult to follow in the begining. The descriptive text in towns and battle are difficult to read most of the time. You have to get pretty close to the screen. I will be buying part 2 and 3 for sure. Frankly this game represents some of the sharpest writing in the playstore. The grand story that is told is enchanting and cinematic. The cast of characters is broad, but every actor in this tale, whether it is a main protagonist or supportive role, feels lively and significant. Some instances give the player's dialogue options and I found myself easily roleplaying and speaking for that character. The strategic, turn-based combat is tuned flawlessly and a blast. Definitely a modern classic. Great art style and decent story. The game is really let down by horrible, arbitrary design choices in terms of game mechanics. The combat system is nonsense. Targets have health and armour that are targeted separately and damaging one does not damage the other. Health is also damage. This is an illogical and unrealistic system. Story choices are arbitrary and unpredictable and often result in permadeath of a party member that you have spent limited resources on levelling up. Audio broken on pixel 3, unplayable. Hope to get a refund asap Premium game on mobile! Gorgeous art, great combat, and gameplay where decisions have consequences. I can't recommend this game enough, even if it stressed me out sometimes. Haha! On pc and on mobile is over the top Amazingly good game. Its a gorgeous game and the Devs has fixed the issue with the sound. Had me hooked for 3 solid days. Frustrating at times, but once you get the game mechanics down, it's really fun. Great game, time runs fast playing The art, music, story, characters, and gameplay are all perfect. I got this for the One plus 7Pro. Was looking forward to it because it was amazing on iPad. Currently however, it's stuck on startup. After it asks for permission to use media, it's stucj forever loading. Have tried uninstalling and reinstalling to no avail. I have emailed support already regarding this and will be willing to change my score as soon as a work around is found. Edit - reinstalled for the third time and it started up. Finally. Wish I didn't have to reinstall it again and again The game might be great but I wouldn't know. The stuttering sound and lag make it pretty much impossible for me to play. Perfect mobile game Amazing tactics game and even better story you will love it This is by far the best tactics game I have ever played. I love the story, engaging combat, making decisions and choices that actually change the plot. I won all three on my ps4 i had to get the ports for my tablet. Please! Please! Bring Banner Saga 3 to android?! Truly a fantastic experience. I can't for the life of me figure out how to equip items though. It's quite frustrating. The game looks OK, but it has a lot of options with essentially no help files or user guide. I know my characters have special abilities that they can spend "willpower" to utilize, but nothing will tell me how to use them. UPDATE After playing for quite a while the rules and options became clearer and the game became enjoyable, even addictive. Update * works great on new phone! Has a lot of problems on my old one. Super great game, would be good even for as a pc game. A masterpiece. Story, atmosphere, gameplay, art, all are done to perfection. Worth over $30 in my opinion. Atmospheric and original it feels more like a book, but pacing is so slow often... One of the best RPGs in recent memory Definitely one of the best android games i've ever played.. actually i played it once on my s7 device and it ran smooth without any problems.. now i use s10, i found slightly longer loading screen, and when on a party roster the heroes cannot be dragged into the party slots.. hope u can fix it soon.. Normally I start with five stars and deduct a star for each significant flaw. In this case, those rules went out of the window. I've completed the game twice, once with almost no do-overs and no prior knowledge and once trying to get the "perfect" outcome. It's been so enjoyable that I give it five stars despite its almost fatal flaws. On the flaws: interminable load times, occasionally getting completely stuck and if I use Google pay whilst in combat, I return to a blank screen... Paid!!! But cant even install to play. I use S7. It's impossible to drag something, I mean from the rooster to the party, the turn order, the items, nothing. It's my phone wrong or something?? I'm playing in a Samsung S9 Please help? All I can say is WOW. I never thought I could be so moved by a mobile game lol. The mechanics are really fun but the story really blew me away. Absolutely amazing work. Writing, Art, Design, Music are all 6/5. Thank you for making this masterpiece! Love everything about the whole series. Thanks for all of your hard work and dedication. Runs great. Amazing story-driven tactical rpg. Worth every penny. Did get a bit sick of loading screens but nothing that a bit of patience couldn't solve. The game had me hooked from start to end. Now excuse me because I need to go and play though again. Very good game i have played it on pc years ago and now i am back again for it. The story, art, combat system is impressive Unplayable as it lags and stutters. Dev have known about this since 2014 and will never fix it. I've been waiting over 7 years for them to reduce the price and decided to just go for it. They still charge £10 for this old game and never have a sale. Refunded as it's so laggy. Disappointing. A very interesting RPG with a good story and involved tactical turn based battles. I dunno rite revewz cuz I no no hoe 2 speel but r like omfg yes gute game mrang lolololololololollolloloolloll r so gud omfzzzzxxxxxx Best Phone RPG ever... Only 10 hours in but worth every penny. Beautiful lore, art, and music. No ads or in-app purchases. A throwback to when RPGs were more of a "choose your own adventure novel" with clear points where you make important choices as opposed to the modern go-anywhere sandbox. But the decisions are interesting, difficult, and meaningful in lots of ways. Easy to play for half hour intervals. Why do you need access to my photos, files, and media? I don't think any of that is your business. Why not just be a game. What reason do you have to need this info. Do you sell our information? Seems very greedy and I wish you respectful of our privacy. Unplayable on Pixel 3a. The whole game lags and stutters. I get <10 fps. Text is so small it's difficult to read... Thanks for the advice but didn't seem to help. Just emailed dev so we'll see. Was super stoked to play but, like some others here, after loading it up, its signs me into google then nothing but a black screen. Hopefully dev's will have a fix for me 🤞 As someone who has always preferred creative games with interesting mechanics and fleshed out stories over flashy graphics from the AAAs, Banner Saga blew me away. It's beautiful. Oregon trail meets FF Tactics; with gorgeous animation, an evocative score, and the consequences of my actions weighing on my conscience... I haven't seen anything like it since... I don't even know. Ever? Sound stuttering on pixel 2. Finally a *real* game with depth and story on a mobile device. Definitely worth the price. I played all 3 and started back over to do another play through. I love the gameplay and the decision like Oregon trail gameplay. Please nake more like this "Better than an eggplant' my eye sights not the greatest so it's hard to play on phone screen but on my 10" tablet it looks and plays great. beautiful art style and deep rewarding turn based combat system Lags and stutters. Tried searching forums and Google, no help out there Razer Phone 2.................... *Update* +1 star for an attempt to resolve the problem, however I was simply told that my phone was too new. Oh yeah? Too new huh? Well why don't you take it off the store so new people can't buy it with their new phones. Love it... A lot of reading is required (story is great), would like it better if thet was more voice acting. Gameplay is simple with just enough depth. i F****** love this game! One of the best games I've played in a long time Good experience! The game is great, but holy cow does it spend forever loading. 1 min to get into the game, oh I have to go to the map, another minute. Instead of Banner Saga, this port should have been called Loading Saga. I love this game and everything about it so far. It is really well done. It is funny due to the fact that I have eyed this game for years and just recently decided to get it. Much respect to the developers for this wonderful work of art. My only complaint though is with the crakling that is happening when there is music playing. I thought it might have been my headphones at first but the crakling only happens during the game. I'm using a Note 8 FYI. Hope this can be fixed asap. Thanks worst game ever do not buy, Excellence. The game downloads and does not show up on my phone. I have talked to them via email and they keep asking what platform I am using. I have responded twice informing them what platform I am using...Enjoy your free money. Guess I am the fool here. An amazing experience! I am still installing the game. I was reading the reviews to make sure the port would be as good as the pc version, which I recently bought as well. I then realized that the developer was reading AND responding to almost, if not every, review on here. I came here to let them know, that type of support and care for the customer is why i bought this without any further hesitation. It's refreshing to see a developer that concerned about their customers. Thank you. great and good game This is one of the best games available on the Play store. It is an old-school style game in that there are no IAP. It is a story driven, strategic, well-illustrated game that comes with a great musical accompaniment. I would describe the gameplay as Oregon trail meets Shakespeare meets chess, except that you don't start with predetermined pieces - you build your own pieces and can maximize how they interact. My only issue is that the other 2 parts of this trilogy aren't up for sale on mobile. Great game. I absolutely loved it when I played it on PC years ago. I downloaded it to revisit the game and I can't equip items. The drag function does not work for me. I am using a Samsung Galexy s10. If that bug gets fixed, this is easily a 5 star game! Edit: Still waiting on a big fix, but the response from Versus Evil was quick and it is clear they care. was excited to finally have a phone that could play this but it just goes to a black screen and doesn't load. shame, looks beautiful. Galaxy s10 I want a refund, the font is too small to read on mt screen. I remember loving this game when I downloaded it a couple of years ago. the story, the graphics, the mechanics. All wonderful. However, trying to download it now it says I need 1.9gb. It downloads the game but then says "downloading additional file" and then is unsuccessful. Any ideas? I installed BSII just fine. Thanks so much!! edit:I managed to get it to work but I have no doubt the developers would have solved it themselves for me!! Just as good as I remember. Best game I've played on Android, period. Great story, great characters, great graphics, great music, great mechanics. Just felt shorter than I wanted. Still loved it and strongly recommend 50/50 shot if enjoyment. While I agree with not allowing save, the choices seem arbitrary as they have random and unpredictable. i.e.: Help the old man or no? Resulting in two of your characters dying of malnutrition. That's not an actual one I faced, but that's how things correlate. The combat is turn based as in You-Enemy-You-Enemy. So killimg enemies does not benefit you to increase turns, it actually leave the rest of the enemies who have higher def/atk to increase their turn cycle. won't load the game ask for permission to do things with my google account screen goes black and the game won't start i love this game and gav played the PC release. unfortunately ive found a lot of optimization problems on this port and get framedrops in combat constantly. would appreciate a refund if possible Good game however I dont know how to equip items. Can I have a advise on how to do it? fix it more... I sadly can't even load your game. it asked for access to contacts and media. after that blank screen. tried restarting it. nothing. and again. nothing. restarted my S8 .... and .... nothing. Played it 3 times in a row. Could i get a refund? Loading time for each scene is too long, (e.g. wait for like 20s for it to load the map). I want to play it on my computer for smoother gaming experience. Amazing story and graphics. I am almost through this one and already have the second one ready to go. Hoping to see Banner Saga 3 on the android app store before I finish the second. I see now why Anthem failed so bad; all the Bioware talent is here. Keep up the good work devs. You've made a fan. Love the game. Combat, storywriting, mechanics, art, sound, it's perfect. The Android app is not so perfect. Loading times up to 2 minutes. Graphic glitches when app goes to background. Dragging on the roster is difficult. And I didnt get a hard difficulty achievement after completing the game on hard difficulty. That was a bummer. Worth 10 euro? Yes, if you don't mind being patient. I've downloaded the game twice now. 3.4GB and I cannot play it due to some error at startup about downloading expansion files. Let me know when this is fixed and I'll try again. Until then i have to uninstall. brilliant... stunning just wish it was optimised for Samsung s9 note (to fill the screen) the voices in the game stutter and cannot enjoy the story i have one plus 5 T and havent experienced this kind of problem in other games spolit all the fun thinking of refund if this is not resolved A bit lag but it that happens with any game even in consoles, this game is great and interesting narrative I feel like am reading the subtitles to a show An awesome mobile experience, overall great game! Had an issue, but devs helped me fix it so everything is good now. Great game, with a super deep story and lore. one of my all time fav games I love this game! doesnt work well on android I didn't think the developer would still read these, so I deleted my old one just to write a new one. I'm a big fan of Xcom, although find it overwhelming at times and therefore give up. Banner Saga is the same kind of format but; simple, easy to use, the art work is just awesome and I feel involved in the game with the choices I make. I can't wait to buy the 2nd one and it's one of the few mobile games that I feel my money was well spent and not just an impulse buy. I still can't get this game to load. Would like a refund! As much as I'd like to play the game, the letters are too small! For people with bad sight it's a disaster. It shouldn't require access to my photos and media. I'll delete without playing I enjoy this gane very much, but I have turn off data and WiFi in order for it to open. If you get a call, text or shut the screen off for anything while playing you might get stuck in a black screen and lose progress back to previous save. Especially frustrating during cutscenes or story parts. Loved everything about it, up until the first cutscene, where it stutters like a mutha. Too bad too, as I've got a OnePlus 5T with a Snapdragon 835 and 8 GB of RAM, which is more than enough to run any app in the app store. Bottom line: don't buy it if you're running an Android phone. It doesn't work. I would've rated it higher, but the fact that they're selling it to Android users when it doesn't work is just sheer slim shady. I'm embarrassed it's taken me so long to play this! 🙌 thank you guys so much for this game Game seems pretty and fun (though difficult) when the controls work :/ Very buggy on Chromebook. Frequent reboots necessary to get the controls to work (touchpad, mouse, keys, nothing but enter and escape work most of the time). Frustrating experience getting it to work, then the game mechanics make this hard to manage if you get into an almost unfair set up- I close out of a bad start to a fight, load the game again, and controls are down again. Reboot laptop. I really want to enjoy it. Alas. Lags on newer phones. needs an update. The game is actually a few lines of story interrupted by combat encounters the are repetitive and easy. None of the combat skills really matter, no need for planning at all. You have to wonder where the gaming industry is going to, especially with all this hype fake game like this one get. Excellent and challenging. A game that truly makes you weigh the cost of your decisions. A richly-textured original story rooted in Scandinavian folklore and myth, but not quite the same myths we are familiar with. Intuitive game mechanics and The Oregon Trail with Vikings. A+ I been looking for a game like Final Fantasy Tactics that has a great story as well as fun stratigic gameplay. I haven't even beaten it yet and already want to buy then next 2 sequels. It feels like you are reading an interactive book. I love that the game allows you to make choices that effect the game and really makes me feel like I am really part of the journey. I would recommend this game over some of the sjrpgs. If they keep making srpgs, I will keep buying. Compelling and unique game. Great story and visually beautiful. I have played this and bs2 thorough to completion 3 times in past year. The only negative has been the wait for the release of BS3 I am experiencing huge problems dragging heroes from the roster to the party. any help? / tips? A must buy, and when you're done go and buy number two. Where's number three 😫😫😫😫😫 Finally dl'ed and installed - thanks to all support staff for your help! Beautiful graphics; looking forward to getting past the intro. Way to much loading time, every couples of minutes or so. Excellent turn based strategy with rpg elements. Loved it, bought and played the sequel. Big file and slowish loading times, but your patience is rewarded. One of the most beautiful, engaging games I've played for a while. Combat is like a more interesting x-com-style turn-based affair. The story plays out like a choose-your-own-adventure where your choices matter. This game actually made me angry at fictional characters because I was so invested in them. Great bloody job. Literally downloading banner saga 2 now! The Banner Saga series is really amazing and the love and work put into it shows. The mobile port is worth every penny. The Nintendo Switch Trilogy editon was my first experience and the mobile is on par with it. looking forward for the release of part 3. Game now works on my Huawei p20 Pro. Great game with intriguing story and game play. Really AMAZING GAME Really glitchy port. I had bought on PC. If your reading developers- Great Game thanks so much but the constant crashing...I might give it one more go, but this just is NOT A STABLE RELEASE. Edit- 2 years later, still not stable on a new s9. Great game. Ótimo jogo. Para quem gosta de uma boa história, recomendo muito. Terrible experience... The "loading" screen keeps showing up every time, this makes the game slow and boring. Awesome! Need more nuff said Masterpiece! Giving it a 4 cuz of really long loading times, BUT it is an AMAZING tactics game with a great story. Fabulous game. Amazing game! Played for 10 hours straight. Can't wait to play again. Needs at least 1.5 Gb of of ram on any device to work on any device without freezing constantly Excellent game and engrossing story! I loved it! Great Amazing gameplay and story. Just a really well-done port. I haven't played the PC version, but this game is really fun. Only four stars because filesize (game is huge) and load times. Clicking through menus (which is more than half the game) shouldn't require 10-20 seconds between screens. The only time I really hate it is in camp. When I go to look at my heroes roster, I hit a loading screen. I mean I get that "beautiful, hand-drawn art!" And it IS beautiful. But maybe not so much of it is necessary in the menues? Or maybe that's not even the problem. Banner Saga 3 already launch on PC, where the mobile version. Release now pls Have the new Galaxy S9 and unable to download game. When download is about done it tells me the game could not be downloaded. My internet connection is slow and it takes 1 hour! Tried twice. Will change my review if this can be solved. Holy smokes. This game is greatness. Heart wrenching decisions abound. Viking Oregon Trail with decisions that matter. No really, that's what it is on the surface. When you delve deeper it's about a very complex world that I hope to see more of and honestly I will pay even more to see a sequel or some continuation of this world. I'm pretty sure I spent most of my time played loading. The battle mechanic was really frustrating. Because of the way the turns work you end up being punished by finishing off mooks. I think the ideal strategy is to bring them low, then ignore them so they plink at your guys which wastes the enemy turn and gives your guys more chances to hit the bigger bad guys. This feels really counterintuitive and is honestly not very much fun. The story seemed cool, but with so much loading it was hard to get into it without being interrupted. The visuals were pretty great though. I guess I'm mostly disappointed that I finally decided to jump into paid games, heard this one was good, decided to drop the $10 on it, and it was such a disappointment. Maybe freemium is the way to go... But I hate dlc and micro transactions 😒 Can I please get a refund??? Can't enjoy a game who is LOADING every moment, SUPER ANNOYING!!! This is one of the best indie games I've ever played. I gave it up in chapter 3 a couple years ago, but I saw my boyfriend playing it recently and decided to give it another try. This is only 1/3 of a full game, and the studio does a great job in making it feel like a natural continuation from game to game. The combat is tough and unforgiving, though it gets a little stale if you do what I did and play all three games back to back. The story though. That and the art are some of the most original and unique combinations that have made this one of the most memorable gaming experience experiences of my life. Just amazing ! Played this on steam years ago but it was PvP not campaign no online was a disappointment Only reason it's a 3 star review is because I waited for this 1.9 G install to load and then it said there was an error and it cant be installed. This is on the Galaxy note 9 so there are no data issues or storage. Help Cool game, but the phone version has some serious load time issues. Drains the battery fast too. Play it on the pc instead. The combat system is unforgiving in a way that I personally do not find fun. Too much randomness. Gameplay is excellent and addictive. I commend that the odds are always against the player (at least, in normal mode). Art is good and serviceable although unoriginal. It may fascinate most people out there, though. Storyline, especially world-building, is great and compelling but it is hindered by lackluster dialogue. Most people won't notice, it though. Overall, I had a great time playing this game. I'm just the type of person who's picky when it comes to language. I'd probably buy the second and third installment. :D A pedantic slough through mundane court politics. The post-tutorial confusion lingers during gameplay. Battle system is indeed unique. Unable to acclimate, I felt ripped off. Help me, i can't play on my device Good game. Had issues with choppy sound in cutscenes but it was because of Bluetooth. I really want to love this game. Unfortunately it's been barely playable since I bought it. But every time manage to make it work, I get hooked and play for hours and hours, then pick it up again next day and it does not work anymore for no reason I can discern. The game seems like a masterpiece, so I'll say play it... On PC. I'd like to get a refund on this game so I can buy it on PC and actually play through myself. I keep downloading and it crashed and download and all over like an idiot . I dont want a refund . Just fix it . I am very disappointed. I bought the game, played 10 minutes and asked for a refund. It's been nearly 2 weeks and I still haven't got the refund. Even he ticket closed itself automatically because none was replying my request. I opened another ticket, still waiting for an answer about the refund. This is top tier quality. From the gorgeous artwork, to the excellent story and characters. Turn based gameplay transitions wonderfully to mobile and prefer it on the platform. Now onto Banner Saga 2 to continue this almighty journey. Lastly, I really hope we hear news of a release date to mobile for the third and final instalment soon. Difficult to download. Finally got it running. Fun! Why there is no controller support. Really love the art style and the combat system. It just final fantasy  tactic. The choose part, it much more impact then any telltale games. Any  new on discount the banner Saga 2? Hello, I'm having performance issues on my Samsung Galaxy S8 Android 8.0.  Game running smoothly on battles but whenever a cutscene starts, even audio  begins to breaking up. I tried lowest settings with settings app but didn't  work. I am very sad it took me this long to find this game. When I first  downloaded this it was for free on twitch, but i got so excited to play  that i just had to buy it on mobile. This beautiful game is a crossover  between Oregon trail and a turn based RPG with such a large amount of  content and replayability that I will be playing this series for years to  come! Excellent work guys and I cant wait for 3! Paid for a game, got ads Great game. Font is too tiny HOWEVER my Pixel 2 XL has an Accessibility  Option that allows you to zoom in and zoom out by triple tapping. I highly  recommend this, and think the Developer should notify people of this  option, though it's device- dependent. Loading times are a little long and  frequent, but overall a great game. Any other font fixes would be welcomed,  I have the settings app from the Developer but do not see a font size  slider...maybe I'm missing it? Either way a great game. I want to like it, but the video/audio stuttering is a deal breaker for me.  Any fixes? Great story love the art. One issue is if you lock your phone while in  battle it will not reopen properly This is a great game great story. Addictive and you want to play it over  and over. It's also fun to discuss about the game decisions and outcomes  with others. Beautiful art, fun gameplay, sometimes devastating storyline  will make you want to restart the game. Renown is hard, because you invest  so much in one character maybe, and then they can be gone without any  warning. It would be nice to be reimbursed renown if you lose a character  like that. Thanks for a fun game!!! I dont have much to say.. It just beyond wonderful.. I enjoy every second  of this game.. Proceed to banner saga 2 I can't install it.. It always says "error bla bla bla".. Can't seem to install on my Galaxy Tab A... Unreasonable loading times, unneeded scenes of excess walking makes this  game take hours when it really only has minutes of real game play. The  combat is interesting and horrible at the same time. If you have 6 units  and they have 2. Each of their units does 3x the actions. That is  ridiculous. It punishes you for focus fire, which makes no sense in any  form of tactics style game Would love to sink my teeth into but in combat when ever I press on the  screen to select something the camera jumps to the top right of the combat  area. Unplayable at this point in time with this bug present. Honestly I didn't really understand the appeal of this game back in the  day, I'm glad I gave it a second look once my taste in games has matured. To anyone having problems running this game: be patient and restart it  multiple times, I assume the black screen is due to Google Play dialog that  does not pop up sometimes. Amazing game. The story is the game's strength, and it definitely all feels better the  second time when you know what to expect on the battlefield. Although the  sense of being suddenly overcome with an unfair situation is not common, it  leaves an impression. Even so, the fun of it wins out in the end. I need a refund. If you're looking for a turn based strategy game with a refreshing look and  style then look no further. This game, just like grandma's cookies, was  made with love. You can tell the devs were just as excited presenting this  to you as you will be to play it. A real masterpiece taking place in a  harsh dystopian world with breathtakening artwork. Beautiful game. I've really enjoyed the story. Great fun game Frankly... disappointing. Detailed World filled with masterwork lore -  unfortunately since you have no control over the caravan’s route you won't  get to see any of it and lore has no relevance on decisions. Poor CYOA.  Consequences are dire which would be perfectly fine if descriptions gave  you enough to make informed decision or choices weren’t so limited… (“wait,  I have to choose a) or b) when I can think of 3 courses of actions that  would make more sense?”). High difficulty, which would also be perfectly  fine if this was a rogue-like game. Replaying same locations, situations,  and fights over and over however… :( Odd design choices in turn-based. On  the upside such oddities force you to adjust tactics, on the downside the  game becomes counter intuitive. For example, lookup turn order and “pillage  system” issue. Finally, the game provides you with plenty of tactical  options… unfortunately what works best is 2 or 3 very basic plays which you  will repeat battle after battle, as a result combat feels shallow and  repetitive… the fact that it's simply because game doesn’t reward  creativity or variety actually makes it worse. Wonderful tactical turn based Norse RPG that has elements of Oregon Trail. On Pixel 2 XL not showing properly, because of screen (18:9). Can you fix  that? Look, I loved the pc version of the game. Point in fact I own 1 & 2 on pc  and have pre ordered 3, I can't wait. But plain and simple, I can't run  this game on my phone. I wanted to like the android version but it simply  won't work, it was a complete waste of money on my part. But hey at least  the pc version works. I would also like a refund but I don't know how to go  about that. Gameplay is fun and addictive, slow fps and many loading screens however,  which is hard to avoid considering the size of the game. Ive wanted to play this game for a while, and after spending $10 buying it,  I'm left with a game that doesn't run. It constantly becomes unresponsive,  everything but the HUD and characters turns black, and it takes a lifetime  to load. Bought it twice, once on Steam and once in here. Absolutely worth it. By far one of the only rpg phone games with any depth whatsoever! This game  is fantastic & I'll be buying it for PS4 as well! I love this game I bought the first one just so that I could continue with  my save in the second. I have one bug problem the gui is so big I cant see  the battle field it takes 80-90% of my screen. Can somebody please help me  with this? Dull storyline, not intriguing. Complicated gameplay. The map is of no  practical use. Note : I played only a few minutes,20 maybe . I loved it. As a fan of strategy games, it was a hard-to-adjust-to twist on  the more well known concepts I'm used to (kinda wish there was a healer and  I had to change the difficulty to easy because maiming doesn't compute with  me). Other than that, I loved the story and the importance of the decisions  I made as I went along, loading times were a drag but not enough to deter  me and sometimes I wasn't sure what was going on (eg the whole thing with  Onef and Ekkill: when Ekkill surrendered himself to me and I was just like,  who the heck are you..) overall, great game and well worth the purchase :3 Doesn't work on note 4 Constant lagging, Load times take forever ... no fun  Can I please get a refund on this? No in app purchases. Finally. And it's a solid tactical RPG. Masterpiece. Strategy at it finest. You will spend more time in a loading screen then actually playing. And  that's on newer phones too. Game stuck on loading. Last time i played location on tower Poor loading, sometimes infinite screen I can't simply stop loving this game, the drawing, animation, story and  game mechanics are just simply the best i have seen in years, I love this  game so much i have it in ps4 and with all achievemnts unlocked, also on  steam and now in my tablet. Why? I love the game, simple and plain and i  want to help the indie developers in anyway i can. Sidenote: the  music....10/10 by it's own. Unplayable. Took 5 attempts to download, 3 resets before the game worked,  and then in the first fights the screen flies to the upper right corner for  no reason. Literally unable to move or attack things because the camera  just shifts everytime I try to move. Great game. I'll most likely purchase the second game as well. My only  complaint is my characters aren't visible. In game and their portrait are  completely invisible. Same goes with some enemies. I really hope the second  isn't more buggy. Other than those bugs I love the atmosphere and story. Such an amazingly creative game that is both entertaining and rich in its  replay value. I'm looking forward to what your team comes up with for  Banner Saga 2. Truly worth the money. This is a fantastic and full game. No microtransaction business model. This game is great but a really poor port to android. The game takes forever to load. Also there is a bug when you get a notification while playing the touch stops working in game. I have a one plus 3t and the experience not very enjoyable. Absolutely love the great story and how well they integrate Oregon trail  style gameplay. Great game for mobile devices. 30% of the game is loading is all.  Loved it otherwise The artwork is beautiful and gameplay is great but the stuttering and sluggishness really can drag the game down. And this is on a galaxy note 8. I see something about a settings app available but I'm surprised that this $10 game doesn't already have these settings included. The best turn based RPG on Android. A very rare gem of Android and PC games. 100% recommend it. Superb gameplay, graphics and music. Am loving it so far. My only gripe is that if I have to switch apps or my screen locks mid battle, when I open it up again the field is black and I can't do anything but reload from before the fight. Not so much a problem now but I'm guessing some of the later fights will be a lot longer and I'd lose more progress. BUY THIS GAME!!! I've barely scratched the surface of this game and I'm very, very impressed. Bought it on a recommendation from someone who hasn't even played it but was recommended by another friend to try and I gotta say this is worth every damn penny! I'm ready to buy the second and I've only started the first chapter and fought a few battles and can already tell what this game has to offer. Nice animation, excellent voice acting. Well written story that's tailored to the players choices. Cool crests with familiar emblems most gamer and anime fans will recognize. Bravo! Well done, Versus Evil! Well done indeed! 👏👏 👏 🤘 😝🤘 Please fix full screen mode for note 8 I Very much Enjoy the painted style graphics, the feel of the setting. Complex decisions on and off the battlefield that Sweeten or Sour your own personal opinions on the character development taking place between the vast amount of characters your presented with in your dealings. Reminiscent of a choose your own adventure book.. Rich in Norse tales, Very Anglo Saxon in some appearances in clothing, etc.. character interactions remind me of a good dragon age experience and the combat.. as stated by others very reminiscent of final fantasy tactics or vandalhearts..  This Game captivates my own Imagination and passion, to one with a interest in the themes of this game .. its you writing your own sage of how mankind defines its existence after a loss of the gods themselves. Its almost a parable of the meaning of life or finding your own meaning to life amidst the negative reality of life. I Greatly Enjoy how independently different thia game is. Best game on Android F**king. Awesome. Great tactical RPG, with incredible graphics, and story. Worth every penny. Only downfall is that the screen can get cluttered up during some fights, but the game is fun and doesn't affect battles too much. I definitely recommend. You need this game This. Game. Is. Perfect. In my opinion it's really something special, the art direction is unique and amazing to behold. A high point some may enjoy is the combat is VERY deterministic, all the numbers are right there, there's like 5% RNG to take into account, other than that, if you Lose a guy, it was your fault. Spectacular. Unique in the way it handles character stats. If you want to try something you haven't seen before, this is a great choice.  EDIT: I feel nearly ashamed not to have mentioned this before, but The Banner Saga has one of the most thoroughly deep and interesting stories I have experienced in a long time. Look no further for a great game, you've stumbled on a perfect one. Had this game on my PC, and I couldn't believe that they had this game on mobile. It's a perfect port, and of course I'm planning on playing the banner saga 2.  Keep up the good work guys. Don't purchase this game. It's full of bugs and problems. I couldn't get my money back for it and you won't either. Buy this game at you own risk!!!!! I bought & played this year's ago when I 1st. got an Android device (ASUS tablet). I am re-downloading it on my phone (LG Stylo 2V) to finish it & hopefully purchase the next one. My biggest problem with 99.9% of every game I've downloaded off Google play is that they are made intentionally too easy, as gimme games. This one is not. Challenging enough to be difficult yet fun& totally replay-able‼ Best tactical game I've ever played, the art is breathtaking and the world is rich and full of mystery. One of the Best game I've played on android! great design, fantastic music and ambient, awesome history and good classic strategy combat mode. I doubted to pay 10€ for this app but it's worth every cent. Maybe it's better to play it on a tablet or PC than on a phone, to get a better game experience,  but I'm OK with phone. Oregon trail meets final fantasy tactics with Vikings. This sort of game was one I was trying to find for a long time. Low and behold it was on a mobile device. All the newest biggest AAA games are about pay walls and dlc and online multiplayer and I'm kind of tired of it. Finally, an elegant challenging game that tells a good story with fun tactics. Great port, cheaper than the steam version too. One of the best SRPGS out there, especially from such a small studio. Also one of my favorite stories in any game, can't wait for part 3. Constant loading screens and severe graphic glitches when switching off the game to other apps and resuming taint an otherwise great and beautiful game. One of the best game on android Gorgeous and unique art, great story. Turn based strategic gameplay with hours and hours of content. Clear and crisp on GS6, but low frame rate when scrolling. UI needs to be scaled up. Font is currently too small to be read easily. Great story, a grand game. 'AAA' game for a thrift shop price. Visually stunning with a thorough and emotional story to match. The story, art and rpg elements played really good together! And the combat was very interesting, even if I lost many fights. However I'm not sure, how the whole caravan element plays together qith the rest of the game. Seemed abit "pasted on". But all in all a great game, and I'm getting on to Banner Saga 2. The loading time on my Nexus 7 (2013) was really long though. Hi. So I've acquired a new device and the game actually kind of works. I have a Galaxy S8+. For some unknown reason I'm experiencing sound stuttering during cut scenes. Any ideas? Nice to play a real game on my phone! Great graphics, story, and soundtrack. Story is better than most movies, at a fraction of the price. Game played great on my Pixel XL. I'm changing my review, after finally getting the game to download (took a minute) I was amazed by the game everything looks great! But after no more than 5 minutes of play it lags very hard sometimes the scenery will go black and I can't see anything but my people. I was gonna get part 2 being it might be better but I wanted to get the first one first and follow along. But again very laggy and very glitchy will 5 star if fixed!! Also it always tells me to sign in to Google and then tells me I already am,only comes up when I open the app but it's Everytime, not to big a deal. One tip I could offer, if you could pause in the cutscenes that would be awesome as I live very busy life and can't sit and play or watch the scenes and I start to miss out :\ None the less a great game so far and I hope you guys see this and consider it!! DOWNLOAD THIS GAME.  if you like RPGs , if you like turn based combat this is the game.  What a relief it is to be able to just pay up front and get a great game , the games out there with money grubbing cash grab on mobile games is pathetic , none of that here .this is a console game on mobile .  People work hard , make a great game (GREAT) and you pay 1nce to play it ..... its makes me miss gaming in the  2000's This was an excellent game worth the hype. I enjoyed the story and how choices really put you at immediate consequences. I think combat on normal is too challenging but was an easy fix. Going to buy the sequel  right now. Great story. Thx! Not working on Galaxy note 8, stuck at the loading screen. Top quality storyline and choose your adventure. Thoroughly enjoyable but the load times are pretty killer unless you're on a top spec tablet I was excited to play it on mobile but unfortunately a message pops up saying it will fail to load and then quits the game. I loved the gameplay and the excellent story. The art style was great and really helped give the game a lot of depth.  Choices gave this game so much life. I loved that life and death, both for my friends and my enemies, rode on my choices. This above all else really made this game stand out from the crowd.  I did have some trouble with the implementation. If I turned screen off in a battle I would usually lose part or all of the graphics display. Sprites might show up when moving but not when standing. Movement grid and background would disappear nearly every time. But reload (which would restart the fight) and we're back in business. Fix this and your 5* without a doubt. This game is an elegantly produced piece of art. It has an engrossing story that takes you on a journey through an imaginative apocalyptic world. It has many finely fleshed out characters. The music and art are really beautiful. What a wonderful mobile port!  When I first tried this game on my phone it was unplayable. My new tablet played it without a hitch. I learned to appreciate the chess like turn structure over time, though it was uncomfortable at first (being used to other SRPG games.) It added to the challenge. No messy ads or additional purchases to break immersion. My biggest complaint is that all good things end. This is one of the best games on mobile. I am looking forward to Banner Saga 3! would rate fairly but the fact dis games stutters i dont even know wat the people are  saying  on my s8+ is ridiculous Does not use system font sizes. There's plenty of screen area to use, d no good reason to use text so small it requires squinting to read at 12" away, nor to have an in-game option for text size. Great game Fun choose-your-own-adventure style game. Graphics run fine on my shiny new G6 phone. Would give 5 stars but dang the load time between scenes is slow. Slow on a brand new phone and the game was released several years ago. Still worth the purchase imo though. Im stuck in the map... the loading is taking forever This is exactly what I'd expected and SO MUCH MORE, bolstered by the glowing and raving reviews in the comments section: this is a story-driven turn-based combat game wrapped up in high-end animated feature artwork, featuring a deep and engaging story that won't let you go until you've finished it! This is a treat for all the senses; it's not entirely unique for the TBC, but what's here is crafted out of sheer love for the concept. Keep it up guys, can't wait to try Banner Saga 2! Loved the game from beginning to finish. Love the decision making and the combat system. Can't wait until I have money to buy the sequel! Wanted to like it, especially after paying $10 for it, might be good at a tablet or iPad, but just too small for a phone. Hard to control and read anything. Long load times. Amazing replay value extremely addictive worth the $10 don't close the app while playing though it has problems reloading other than that amazing game I will be downloading the 2nd game hope they make another First of all, I love the game. I would much rather there be more awesome $10 games in the app store than the hundreds of $1 bejeweled clones. The Banner Saga is an amazing game... when it works.  It would appear that the window Versus Evil added for Google Play integration causes the screen to refresh improperly. Whenever I suspend/resume the phone or disconnect/reconnect from the internet the game comes up fine for a second, then the "Connected to Google Play" window pops up, then the screen appears to turn landscape then portrait orientation and the screen refreshes to black. The problem is that only some of the game is redrawn after that. I lose the background, the movement range squares, and some of the characters and it makes the game unplayable.   If I manage to play an entire level without turning off the device (or having it turn off for inactivity) or disconnecting from the internet then it works fine. I wouldn't mind the refresh problems if reloading was faster, but it is rather long. I also wouldn't mind the long load times if suspend/resume worked properly, but it doesn't.   FYI, I am using a Galaxy Note 3 with Android 5.0 My biggest complaint about this game is that the background of the game will turn black if you back out of the application- making the game nearly impossible to play. Another problem is the massive drops in frames and the very long loading times (but hey, it's just a mobile game). For what it's worth it was a fun game. Sadly I can't refund this game after a certain time period. I'm fairly certain that it's available on the Xbox one. It just seems unfinished. Havent finish the game...never had enough time. Will try this time tho :D Great game but loading screens are ridiculously long, really spoils the game The story, depth, graphics, are all intense. Everything about this game was amazing. As fun as kingdom rush. If you get a 495 play store error, you can download the game to another device and use an apk extractor to put it on an SD card. It's a good game. I had fun but at the end I was disappointed in the whole thing. The artwork is great. The story is not too bad, but the game is very linear. Combats are not very sophisticated. I was expecting much more from the game. There are other minor, but very annoying, problems.  Loading time totally spoils the fun. It's very very very very very long! And for no reasons! Graphics are nice, but it's not heavy 3D or anything. It's just really simple 2D. Going from inventory screen to the roster screen takes 20 sec to load, all in 2D. Combats take from 1 to 5 minutes to load on my OnePlus One. Sometimes it's so long that android tells me the game is not responding anymore. Why is loading taking so long?!? WHY? Really bad coding if you ask me. This game is actually very good, and while still recommend to those who like turn based strategies, a few major annoyances keep this game from being amazing. +Excellent story, music and graphics. Great choice system. Interesting range of characters. ~Battles are a bit strange. It actually gets harder with the more enemies defeated. - The loading times and amount of loading screens are horrible! Sometimes it will load a screen just to jump out of it to load another. Do not click the map unless you are really curious and have time to kill doing nothing. Can't undo move actions so it is impossible to check certain things unless you commit to the move. = To be honest, this game is great but I give only 3 stars because of how atrocious the amount of time lost to loading. Great story, unacceptable loading times when you switching between screens. And this is not my hardware but rather software problem. Entering heroes screen, static screen with heroes and their pictures, can take 20 seconds. Best rpg for mobile! I can't get past the loading. It takes 20 minutes to go from one menu to the next. Given I have a slow phone but they should put that you need a fast phone to play. The game is great in terms of graphics, sound, gameplay and storytelling. I give only 3 stars because it runs with very bad performance on all of my devices (nexus 10, xperia z3 compact). Nothing short of a masterpiece and the ascethics are a breathtaking work of art. I just finished The Banner Saga on mobile and cannot wait to play the next installment. The gameplay is challenging, but rewarding. The story is engrossing, I made each choice ever so carefully and was both surprised and horrified at different turns in the journey. The mobile experience can be a little cumbersome and difficult to control at times, but it is worth it for the experience of the game. I love your work and I cannot wait to continue of with this sorry I hope carries on in this unfolding epic! Great job. Amazing gameplay and engrossing story.  A large game, 1.7 gb for me.  Runs great on my LG V20, no issues what so ever. Fixed love it! Repurchased after previous issue. Wonderful game! Playing on a S8+. Runs great.  Some loads but nothing that makes me not want to play.  I have experienced the screen blackout when screen locks. I just stopped playing when I'm not in a position to play. It's a great game but the load times kill it, is there anyway I can get the settings app to see if that helps mine? This game is worth maybe 1$, it's buggy controls are clunky, has good story and overall good gameplay though. But definitely not worth the money... As good as the game is it takes forever to load and doesn't restore instances properly during battles. Definitely not a game to casually play on the tube. A fully featured PC RPG that works on phones, in terms of format as well as visually. Great for short play sessions as well as deep ones. One of the original games on mobile.. Great story and characters. One annoyance is that when returning to battle after screen turns off, the background turns black and characters frames go missing..had to restart the game every time this happens..is there a fix? Will give 5 stars if there is.. The game itself is wonderful, but the graphics black out routinely if your phone locks or goes to sleep. Additionally, the autosave points tend to be far apart, so if you restart the app to fix the graphics blackout, you can lose a significant amount of game play time. Wonderful game as long as you have 30-60 minutes to devote in a single sitting. I have a Google Nexus 6,and have not had any problems with other games, even advanced ones like XCOM: enemy Unknown. Running great on my mate 9 up until I can't get past a loading screen, have waited and waited but no joy. If we can sort it I will happily up my rating! Top ten game ever for me, and I played it on a cell phone. There is a sequel to the game... The sequel is expensive costs 8 euros... And the game has in-app purchase as well Which is too much. This is one of my favourite game, great work guys Took them a couple of days to reply my email and I finally got my setting app.Now the game runs flawlessly! Need help i download the game and i like it.  but it keeps stuttering with a choppy music back ground im currently using android marshmallow samsung j7 any advice? now im in doubt if ill buy the 2nd part of the banner saga. I really like the graphics and the game but I cant really enjoy it on my phone it crashes or it slows down and ruins the whole gameplay experience. Love this series! Legit gamers game Something about the license for the game. Sigh. I have nothing to go on for this rating because I can't even get passed the loading page. So I think a 1 star is well deserved. I recommend not downloading until you read a positive review. A pretty game, but the battle mechanics quickly get monotonous. For me, I fell asleep again and again. I tried to like it, but it's a snoozefest that has a few glitches and eats your battery. Not a long term install. Games like this make me wonder about paying for "premium" games. I'm requesting a refund after 24 hours of buyers remorse. (Update: I received a quick refund.) Hopefully the sequel avoids the problems of this original. Loved the game on pc, however it runs so choppy on my ZenFone laser 2 ! With 8 cores and 3gb of ram! Almost unplayable! Excellent game and it does run, whoever it runs so badly I wish I'd not bought it for android and just kept to steam! GREAT game I liked chapter 4 a lot and I am currently at 5 wow it's getting even better story wise. Will play 2 for sure and looking foward to 3. Great game really enjoyable. Make save points for yourself if you're not a fan of replaying whole games to see forks. Enjoying the game. Great story. Playing on a Galaxy Tab S2 with no long loads.  I'm having one issue with an equipped item (Dragon Stone) getting stuck to a character (Mogr). Which stinks because I can't equip a much better item. Can't find anything online about it. App required support team to help me get it running. Support was prompt though, and the game is really good. Got to say i miss this game on my tablet.Glad i have my xbone i bought 1 and 2 download play this so long that i play it in my dreams..lol GOOD STUFF Seem to spend half my time on a black loading screen (Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge). Really don't know how anyone can play the game this way. It's so pointlessly frustrating. Blacks out if you let your phone sleep during battles, which requires you to restart the app and lose any progress you've made since the last autosave. Storyline and graphics are pretty damn good and the actual battles are excellent. Unfortunately those load times just suck all the joy out of playing the game. I had to uninstall it after only a few days. Such a waste considering how much it cost. Plagued with load times but it's pretty cool. Great game, good gameplay! I really got into the story and the tension and loved the look of the game so much. Shame only about the long loading times and certain issues with the resolution (my screen is too small). Will be getting TBS2! I love this game. Though, the app implementation has some problems.  When I pay 10 bucks for an app I don't expect ads. Still there is a small window with game ads in the main menu. You can hide it but you have to do it every time. It might seem like a small thing but it effects my experience of the game.  I have a galaxy s7 and the game is not running smoothly. Frameskips is very common. Loading times are frequent and long.   As I said, great and beautiful game. But I will play it on computer instead. Cant download I am finding it Laggy and slow, can I have graphical options to improve it please One of the greatest games of all time, mobile and on all platforms How do improve lag on LG G4? The game seems good but lag is pretty bad so its hard to tell. Just downloaded the game.  Tried to open it and it stayed on the loading screen for 5 minutes.  I just turned it off since it won't load. Black screen. Can't play after I download the game. Downloaded about 7 times and still won't work Love this game. Just a heads up , the game is going to be long loads if you dont email the team to send you the .apk to adjust the settings. I give it a 4 stars because after getting the .apk and making adjustments the game ran great, so easy that its dumb there arent graphics settings in the game. The email is in the rager reviews. Get this game.. send the email.. get the .apk for graphics adjustments.. set a couple of the setting to medium.. and obviously thoroughly enjoy this great game. Liked the PC version.  Downloaded this four times and then it won't install..Just gets to 100 and starts over the download.  Disappointed.   EDIT… got it to load after a permission issue.  Load times still make it unplayable and if you are jumping off a subway and want to close your phone...You are going to lose a save. I hope The Banner Saga: Factions come to Android too 😉 Can I get a refund? I'd love to play the game, but I dont have enough space on my phone. And I can't get enough space for it. Love this game. After watching totalbiscut review I needed to play it.  Great work. More games like this I wouldn't need my ps4 Absolute masterpiece! I'm sure you heard it before so I'll keep it short. The completely random decisions that kill your characters for no apparent reason ruined this game. It doesn't deserve 1 star but you took me for 5 bucks so your getting it Great game can't wait to get part 2 Been waiting 9 months for this game to work, still doesn't load. Don't buy if you have a nexus anything. REPLY TO DEV: I already did that and got no where after weeks of trying. Load times are horrendous on my s7 edge This game has the potential for 5/5 stars but the load times are terrible on my Samsung Note 4. It also crashes after waiting over a minute. Very disappointing because when you get to the gameplay it's very well done. I love the gameplay and the story so far but I am having trouble enjoying it due to the stuttering during gameplay and the excessively long loading times. Even the small loading animation stutters. The floor turns black if the screen locks momentarily. I have an 801 chip and 3gb ram so I was not expecting any problems prior to purchasing this game. Strong first part of a trilogy. Banner Saga is a work of art, but do not buy the Android version. The cut scenes in particular are incredibly choppy and impossible to understand. It really ruined the experience for me. Fantastic! Bunch of storylines to explore. Great characters. Game is amazing! Only draw back is the slow pace 'cause youre hiking everywhere and load times....for that reason I'm only doing one play through and I'm ready for Saga part 2! Cool game I bought it on my xbox and love it. Great story and great characters as well. My only problem is the lack of hard save feature so I would give it a 4.5 if I could. Great compelling narrative, with beautiful art to join Gud game The game has a nice story and you really feel the danger but the final battle feels so unreal or unbeatable that makes you give up from the game. Im not going to buy the second version after all. I feel something is missing on this game. Just purchased. I open the game and the frame rate lags. It sort of stutters through the cut scenes making the game unbearable to play. Please fix. Fun game Edit: they're actively trying to help so I can't in good conscience leave it at one star. They did reply to the email but it didn't help, I'm try again.  I want to like this game so much but it runs very poorly on my Nexus 6P. I EMAILED THE ANDROID HELP CONTACT THEY KEEP POSTING ABOUT BUT GOT NO REPLY. Very disappointed.  Finally got a response. They made me download some all to lower the graphics settings, didn't help.  Game lags and stutters, five seconds animations then long loading.  No fun, wish I could refund it. Love the game. Not sure why the update takes up soooo much space tho One of my favorite games Would rate higher because Im sure the game is top notch, but the frames are so choppy on my Galaxy S7 that I cant even play it Beautiful, haunting well-designed game. Looks like a great game but no sound on my k1 so I won't continue till it's fixed. edit: All fixed now great game and I can now enjoy the soundtrack Easily one of my favourite games in the last few years. Would love to know how to install on the sdcard though. Great game but failed to load, I was in love with this game until I update it and not able to start. It says "Battle AbilityDefFactory failed to load" please fix it. This game is running horribly on my Nexus 6p! my phone's totally stock, shame because this game is one of my all time favourite games. Is the Nexus 6p under spec for this title? Had an issue with a crash, submitted a ticket and the devs fixed it! Game works flawlessly now! It's a beautiful and fun game! Highly recommended. Wonderful game. Beautiful art style and an interesting and immersive story. A bit challenging. Well worth the 5 bucks!!! Hi, i loved this game and i bought both of em for pc  along time ago, but i just saw this here and i,am amazed. I,am so glad i get to re experience all of it again :) Great game, good port. A bit choppy at times and the controls are a bit finicky due to the small buttons. the story, graphics and audio is great I only want for more great Nordic voice acting. The game might not work at first for some devices, but if you let the developers know they'll send you an app to help fix it.  When you can get the game working its a lot of fun. I was very excited to play it,  but it is crashing a lot and the music and game play are glitching,  disappointed,  please patch it Epic and beautiful. The atmosphere really draws you in - from the sound to the fantastic visuals and fleshed out characters - it's an experience that touches you on many levels. Well worth the price of admission and more. Amazing game with great story. Loading times could be faster. No matter how much memory I have in my devices I am told they do not have enough memory to finish installing the game. This is very frustrating after paying for a game and not finding a way to be refunded when it will not work. Incredible game; great art, great story, cared about the characters, dramatic battles. The pace is slow; don't try to rush through it. Recommended. This is the 1st game for Android that I beat, and I have a lot of Android games. The story is great, very gripping and tense. The combat is even harder. The world that Stoic created is tough, and so sometimes tough decisions paid off. You can get very powerful items through some of these actions, so don't assume that you have to play as a diplomat or 'good guy'.   This is a real game not some toilet time killer. There is no IAP. I highly recommend for gamers who enjoy story and strategic, challenging combat. After taking an hour to install updates I get to th e main menu start a new game and then just blackness I can hear the game and everything but just blackness.Devs please send me whatever app u have sent others to fix this and I'll change my rating Top tip. You need 2GB of free space AFTER you have installed the game. It's now running and it's awesome. Clearer system requirements in the product description would probably prevent a lot of negative reviews.... Excellent story and overall fun game. Amazing game , and that price!. I'm hoping  this developer makes more games like this. Simply amazing. Get "Failed to download the necessary asset expansion file" error. Tried enabling permissions, upgrading to most recent OS and deleting to 5 Gb free space. Took over 4 hours to download, then said it forgot to install some asset files or something. I don't want to wait another 4 hours to reinstall,  please just give me a refund... The game isn't bad, but it takes up a ton of internal storage space. Beyond the 1.8 gig install, it them downloads am additional 1.8 gigs on first start. None of this can be put into secondary storage for some reason so a large external SD card files to waste. Banner saga has a wonderfully crafted story and beautiful graphics. However requires 20/20 vision to pay on Android as the text is so small it hurts Really like the gameplay so far,and it's the best mobile graphics I've ever seen,but is there any way of fixing the battery consumption,it eats up 1℅ every 1 and a half minutes.....  Where as normally it takes about 3-4 min to lose 1%.I'm on a nexus 5x . The graphics is well designed, so does the gameplay and the music Interesting story, strategic turn based combat, cool graphics, and nice music. Edit. Ok now. BADASS!!!  LOVED IT! It says that I had an error on the connection or storage which neither is the problem please fix this or please refund me my money Game was amazing on PC, but on my K1, no sound except in cutscenes and subtitles not working... I'll wait for a patch maybe... The game took up 2Gig; big but understandable. Then a recent update with three MINOR changes demanded that I kill off an additional 1.8 Gig of phone content or not be able to enjoy the game I'd paid for. I had to delete a LOT of stuff and lost months of progress on other games. The final size of the Banner Saga was an unjustifiable 3.4 Gig, it had rinsed my data allowance, this is unacceptable in a mobile phone game. I'm deleting this bloated trash and pray the devs learn to code in Android. Doesn't even start on the Android device that passed the specs.  Failed to download the necessary asset expansion file. Error message after launch. "Did not download nessasary expansion file check to ensure Internet connection and available storage space." I have both and downloaded from play store without incident. Great mechanics and simply gorgeous Buy it. Play it. It's awesome. One of the best games on the Play Store, I'm preparing a new save file for the sequel.      P.S.: I changed devices a while back, and when I downloaded the game and started a new playthrough Tryggvi was gone, can someone please help me with that? Incredible graphics and interesting combat. Played it before and worked fine but there's no sound at all when installing on my Nexus 9 tablet! Yes it's on internal storage. Very disappointing as that's a highlight of the game. Fascinating story too but thrown into it in a very confusing way. What was most annoying was I felt like I was well invested in the story it just finished! It felt like it was only half way through which was disappointing. It was still a good experience but only felt like half the game. One of the best games you'll find on Android. Easily worth the full price. I've deleted so much and it keeps saying I don't an expansion and I don't enough space so I find it was a big waste of money Says it needs to download something, and tells me to check my memory and internet. I deleted a dozen apps, i have great internet service and it still wont download. Not worth the money. Amazing.... Definitely another GEM worth every penny Amazing game.  I have almost nothing to critique except that it would be REALLY nice to have subtitles. Bought this so I could play it again on my tablet before I buy the sequel but after Stoic logo, I get a 'failed to download necessary  asset expansion file'. I've activated all permissions and have 1.5 GB free. Advice? After the update game works perfectly smooth on Galaxy S7 Edge. I downloaded the game and was surprised by the issues I'm encountering. First it had no sound on menu, then comes the intense stuttering in the first cutscene and what more mind blowing is that there's also no sound on the actual game play.  This greatly breaks immersion and quite unplayable I'm using s7 edge by the way. Please help...  If you can't do anything at all,  I just want a refund, due to the bulky size and the long download that comes when I open the game, the 2 hour refund window is out. Gorgeous art and animation, but the initial download (1.8GB) took forever... The app started re-downloading today (another 1.8GB of data), so I deleted it from my phone.  I only have so much data per month... Just as good as the PC version. My only issue is the load times are crazy. Sometimes it can sit and load for so long u think the program is hanging. That's on a TG-Tek 10 inch tablet with a quadcore CPU and a gig of ram. Update: Now that the issue is fixed,  I want to say that I love it! The story, the combat, everything. The ending sure gave me the  "feels". This game is too good, bought it on PC and on my phone I am really excited to play this game  but it will not download for me .tried twice.  Please help Sorry but .when i start it types check youre ineternet connection and storage but i have h+ internet and 1,48gb space My screen only goes to black after stoic logo... I love most elements of the game, including the combat, but the combat has one very big flaw: the way that turns are handled. By making turns alternate you're disincentivized from actually keeping your own characters standing. If one of your characters take strength damage you're better off getting them downed, because their damage is now lower. This issue would be solved by allowing you to move ALL your characters on your turn, then the enemy moves all theirs. Like the way it's done in many other games. The story is awesome but the game is laggy and rusty sometimes and the loading times are annoyingly long! Although this problems don't seem to be solved I continue to play.... Until last update where I get the message "failed to download the necessary asset packages.. etc" and since then I'm not able to get past the initial logo. Please fix this and optimize the game, I know android is a pain in the ass but the masses rely on you! I have a Samsung J7 (2016) btw! So much depth and care towards it. I really feel for the characters and am having a blast playing through it. UPDATE: Since they disabled memory reporting, the game no longer stutters on my system. ORIGINAL: Android games have finally reached the point that they feel real, not like cheap knock-offs. TBS is one of these games and is great, though it is large. On my Samsung Galaxy TabPRO SM-T900 12.2" with Android 5.1.1 and 3GB of RAM, I luckily don't have the problems others are reporting. Loading screens average about 5 seconds for me and I haven't locked up yet, so I'm having a blast. I was reluctant at first, but I'm glad I bought a license. I highly recommend the game. is good. This game won't even start on my device! Great game. Love this game, I used to play it on computer and just bought the android version, but the font sizes are a bit small on my screen. I wish there'd be options to change the font sizes but overall it's a great game, the art and the story are all amazing. Good game although last time I played it literally drained the battery off very fast. Art style deserve credit. Absolutely thrilled with this amazing tactical rpg. The ambience and music are great, the gameplay and strategy are satisfactory  and the story with its choice outcome...just brilliant. Downloading banner 2 as I write this review Pacing is slow but makes sense in this type of story and gameplay. Hard game it will test your turn based combat skills. Story is amazing but playing it more then once would be a slog to get every outcome of the narrative. Mostly reading text and watching them pull a cart. Good game, but unplayable due to constant frame stuttering. Playing on Galaxy Tab S, always kept in peak performance condition. Will be seeking refund within 48 hours if not resolved, due to many other users suffering from same problem.  -UPDATE 11/28/16- Same issue on 3x devices. No response from developer, requesting refund, will issue charge back on credit card if required. 😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴 Huge disappointment. Game errors on start up with, "Failed to download load the necessary asset expansion file". Yes I do have sufficient storage and functioning connectivity. Suddenly started working a couple of days later. Great game I  am really enjoying . Tried playing on a Shield tablet and the game has no sound.  Versus Evil has replied saying they are aware of the issue.  I'll continue to monitor and will change my rating if the game is fixed. After customer service responded to my technical issues faster than imaginable, the game is now running perfectly and looks amazing! Failed to download the necessary asset...etc.  2ND download still not working. HTC 1 A9. Can't refund. I'll be contacting Amex to have them block the charge now. Semi entertaining but decisions in this game don't do that much. Combat is ok but most special powers aren't that good or useable. Most of the game is watching your caravan travel and clicking through text. Be sure to level all your characters to 5 because you get stuck with some as mandatory in the last battle. Every animation stutters in the game, from the menu page to the cutscenes. I haven't heard of any other users on mobile with this, but it happens on both my Samsung Tab S2 and Samsung Galaxy S7. I've seen fixes for PC but nothing on mobile. Looks great still but stutters kills the playability for me Great idea and gameplay. Bad Android optimisation. But, for some reason the audio on cutscenes and general music is fragmented. Doesn't even start, shows an error about not being able to download some files due to no internet connection or not enough space, which is definitely not true. I can see from reviews that at least 5 more people had exactly the same problem, and there is still no fix. DO NOT BUY! the game was extraordinarily good. great 2d graphic. immense story. and many playable character. different endings too. but there is a major drwaback, this game lags like no other. i use snapdragon 650 and it still lags like hell. Completely enthralling, well paced game that I didn't know I needed. Absolutely recommend After latest update I have no more sound, running the game on shield tablet (04-11-2016) still no sound, I had sound 3 updates ago, now no sound what so ever! And no internet connection. What? The game screen is constantly stuttering from the menu and through the game. Even through the game has high system requirements I didn't expect that it wouldn't work fine on LG G4. Therefore I'm a bit disappointed without possibility to, at least, change graphics. (It should probably work fine without any changes, but still...) Excellent Lore, Beautiful scenery, Lovely old school tbc. Thank you The Banner Saga! I'm playing on a Galaxy S5. The video is incredibly choppy and makes it very hard to play. Amazing I loved it. Great story with tough choices to make. Combat is also excellent. Lots to read though, because there's no voice acting. Still great. Totally worth the money. I just finished it and I'm starting my second playthrough once I finish typing this. (And buying Banner Saga 2 after.) Some bugs great gameplay On Nexus 6p, there are performance issues... Fps drops all the time and really low fps in battles Still having audio and main menu issues on HTC 10! Awesome game, reminds me of Oregon Trail, mixed with final Fantasy. Ty former bioware developers for bringing back the classic style of gameplay. Screen goes black and no image shows once every time I start a new game. Amazing art style and fun gameplay, well worth the price! Still playing it though, DAMN DREDGE!!!! CHARRRRGGEE!!! After finish downloading, it failed to install - received error. Pls fix this, i jst purchased. Will update rating once fix I really enjoyed myself, particularly the difficult choices which have to be made time and again through the story. I would have given 5 stars if I could have made one character more 'mine' as the upping was somewhat light and generic, I failed to have the sense of which character I was controlling in the story until late in the game. But overall, for those into story and RPG with ethical dilemmas, I highly recommend it. Thanks for a good affordable game. Can't stop playing it All good now Game does not save have to start all over again cannot get anywhere. Tried playing this for the nvidia sheild but got no sound besides some cut scenes. So I switched over to the Galaxy s6 and plays great and has great story too. Though I wish devs would patch it for the sheild. And some times my banner saga shuts down while trying to load, but from what I was able to play, it seems good This is a very pretty fantasy Viking turn based strategy game.  The game's mythos and story is strong,  if a little confusing at times.  Fighting mechanics are solid.  My only real niggles with the game is the stuttering animation at times and the long load times.  I have since bought the sequel (which I highly recommend!) and the animation runs smoothly so I suspect it may just be that this first entry in the series is poorly optimised.  Well worth a buy though. problem though is I cant seem to get past the first time the map is introduced to Lubin. It automatically kicks me out of the game.  I dont know what to do. Banner Saga Error appears when I start the app. I have a strong signal on my wifi and more than enough storage space. Please advice on how to proceed. Sunk so many hours into this, can't wait to play banner 2! Back in Feb 2015 the game ran beautifully. Now on the same phone (Samsung Note 4 running Android 6.0.1) the loading times take 1-2minutes each. It doesn't take away from this being a masterpiece, and I decided to replay it before diving into Banner Saga 2. Mechanics were super solid, story line was interesting and decisions can make or break your convoy. The only complaint is that a locked screen on a galaxy s5 removes all the in battle ui except characters forcing you to close the app and load the last checkpoint. Furthermore not knowing when the game was autosaving was anxiety inducing. All in all really enjoyed it! Downloaded it and it says failed to download necessary asset expansion files. Please fix Great story...great options for choices...just an awesome app...!!!! A cross between a turned based strategy board game, a pick-a-path story book, a graphic novel, and Oregon trail. I'm hooked. A very good game, superb story telling and writing, not short on gameplay either. My only complaint is me being a dummy and not getting this gem for PC. That said, it's perfectly functional on Android. Great game, when marching lags a tiny bit, but not bad. At first it wouldn't save, but I had to give the app Storage permission. This is on Miui, android 6. I have played through chapter 2 twice now and this game will not save. I give up, give me a refund. UPDATE: Devs got back to me to try and fix issues. Thanks Stoic. 2ND UPDATE: DEVs fixed the issue and have been amazing. Great company, great service, everything works now. THANK YOU!!! This version has issues not letting select the Google Play account of choice. Please fix. Besides that, it's a great game Continually forced a restart. Really want a refund. Like many others this game wouldn't save for myself either. The developers replied straight away and fixed it asap, The game is great. Game is awesome but it will not save my progress. Makes it pointless to play This is what most Android games are supposed to be like. Great port from PC/console. I've played the beginning several times. Game doesn't save. No autosave no save on exit. Doesn't automatically save. Can't load anything and all progress was gone. Have banner saga on console and absolutely love it. Playing this version on a HTC One M8, runs without issue with the exception of no audio. Animated cut scenes have sound but music and SFX not working. Bummer as they add so much to the game. Would gladly give 5 stars aside from this issue. I had this game on computer and have purchased it on tablet which ran fine but it is jumpy on my new HTC 10. Please fix Played it like 6 times now just to see what happens but im giving it four stars for lag and having to be connected to the internet Great battle mechanics,too. But very long loading times even on my Nexus 6p. Especially the map which has no animations, just information. Needs some optimization. Music and gameplay are just superb. Works nearly perfectly on my Galaxy Note 3. This is a great example of what mobile gaming should be - ie, an actual game. Edit: updates have made the whole thing better. I now play on my Galaxy Tab S2 and Galaxy S7 and it runs perfectly. Excellent story and gameplay only hindered by load times that should be expected from such a fleshed out game on a mobile platform. There is a difference between a game being compatible with a phone and being playable. To say that the loading times are bad would be an understatement.  What's worse is the lack of sound outside of the cut scenes. If I wanted to play a strategic game in silence I would pick up the newspaper and play some sudoku. Refunded. A deep combat system, award winning soundtrack, and thrilling story that keeps you coming back for more; the banner Saga had me hooked from beginning to end. Often times is I'd play until the battery died as the game was that immersive and engaging. Easily one of the best games of this generation. Could you please optimize it. Game is great and was running flawlessly on old nexus 7 and now is stuttering on Galaxy tab s2 which is couple of times more powerfull. This is my favorite game on the play store hands down. Period. Versus Evil, are you going to add Banner Saga 2 to the play store??? Please! Please do it! I WILL buy it. Totally worth it, very thought provoking and consuming in it's brilliance. Well done It's a great game and well suited to mobile devices, but ruined by frequent lengthy load times - whenever you move between scenes, or go to a building in camp, or even open the map, expect to be spending 10-20 seconds staring at a black screen. Keeps force closing This game is truly captivating. The game is fun and all, but I'm only getting sound during cutscenes.  No sound at all during gameplay and menus.  I really wanna play this but its quite annoying to play without sound. Just a beautiful game. Doesn't work, please issue a refund. Note 4 Engaging story and great, rewarding combat. Great soundtrack. Voice acting could be a little better though. Amazing work guys. Looking forward for the next two games :) I can only hope more game makers follow this mold. best game I played on Android so far Blast to play, immersive, beautiful art, good replay ability, fun and challenging combat, and a good variety of game choices. I once bought this game, and after 30 minutes of playing the audio completely stopped. I proceeded to refund it immediately. Yesterday I decided to buy it again, and I'm glad I did! Interesting story and         challenging battles, what more could I ask for? Will not load up. I play everything else with my tab but this won't even start. Dammit! I'm bummed. Purchased for use on Nexus 7 2013, where it crashed so frequently progression was impossible, despite using a separate settings app provided by developer to decrease graphics, frame rate, etc. Later after purchasing an Nvidia shield k1, gameplay now works, but there is no sound. Any ideas on how to fix this? It pulls you in from the beginning and keeps your focus throughout. A thoroughly well done piece of art. For a game developed for mobile in the first place this is not a good show of optimization. Loading times range from 20-60 seconds, even for simple things like entering the hero screen, or looking at the map. Doesn't make me want to delve deeper into the lore exactly.. the lack of a way to speed up some aspects is frustrating at time as well. There's no saving of game state if you close the app because you have to do anything else either. Other than that it's a good game with solid gameplay. To short nice story Absolutely gorgeous game. SKÅL! Loading Incredible, heart breaking story. Beautiful soundtrack. Challenging tactical combat. I could not stop playing. if you like looking at loading screens for two minutes at a time every few minutes on your high spec device then buy this game otherwise avoid Cant install, even on high speed connection, additional files timeout. I've played through at least 6 times. Its Unique game play, strategic and tactical descions, great art and story, and more make this the full package. A little more care on the port to remove glitches would make this a total 5 A very charming  game that despite its flaws has immense replayability. Somehow I'm by the 4th playthrough. Loved this game on ps4 but never finished it, seemed like a great game to play on my phone in short bursts. It has been adapted very well for touch screens, but it stutters so bad on my s7 I had to refund it. Your mileage may vary I like the story and the gameplay but the game is kind of ruined when i spend more time looking at loading screens than playing the game. Must play kinda of game Grrrrreat It is broken Heard great things about this, however my Note 5 is having issues playing through cut scenes. The frames drop and the sound shutters. Wonderful game but little flaws in mobile port Great game...but huge load times , much better on pc Played on PC, so I know this game is great. Sadly this port is unplayable, and an unusable app gets one star. Starting a new game, I see the message that the choices will alter story. After that, everything is black. No visuals at all. Can still hear music and sfx, but that's all. Please fix, devs! I love the Banner Saga games. I can't believe I get to play on my phone. Pretty much the same as on PC except a bit slow which is understandable. A must have for strategy fans. Also a beautiful game. Load times spoil the game. Unplayable. Uninstalled. Very dissapointed An amazing game! Wonderful story. Great characters. The difficulty is just right for casuals on normal and for those with more experience hard has just the right amount of challenge. Many games can't seem to get that right but Banner saga does! Best Turn-based Tactical RPG on the market Still black screen on a HTC desire 610 c'mon guys will you ever fix the issue? Tactical RPG meets game of thrones. your favorite characters will die or leave you party for extended periods.  lot of strategy and decisions to make that'll have you second guessing every decision by the end. I would like a refund. Game barely runs on my phone. Beautiful graphics if/when it works. Language keeps change and I don't know why can't understand none of it Highly recommended! Emaculant  story, great background theme, good combat system, outstanding compilation of events based on prior decisions. Superior product for devices- good port over. Congratulations!    